<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1102: Who’s Raising this One?</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1102: Who’s Raising this One?</h1>
    <p>Blue River had sent his message, but the members from other guilds, who were who were also clustered around the revival point, weren't slow either. Kansas City's teleportation formation was soon bustling with people sent by each of the big guilds. It didn't matter who was raising the monster, only where it was located.</p>
    <p>There were guildless alts, as well as many famous guild elites that were easily recognizable even without their guild tag. These people met each other at the teleportation formation, but quickly went their separate ways. However, after going their ways, they didn't forget to send people to spy on one another.</p>
    <p>Kansa City was soon filled with a jumble of different people ,and Blue River also received a message from Changing Spring, telling him and the other teams from Blue Brook to regroup.</p>
    <p>"Understood." Receiving the message, Blue River immediately headed for the coordinates Changing Spring had sent. However, he had only taken a few steps before realizing something was wrong and turned to look.</p>
    <p>"What are you doing, following me?"</p>
    <p>"Hm? Haven't your people from Herb Garden arrived?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"What does that have to do with you?" Blue River yelled.</p>
    <p>"Don't you need a powerful helper like me?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Haha, of course we welcome powerful helpers, but not you." Blue River laughed coldly. Did this guy still think he could take advantage of them after so long? </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Is that so? What a shame. I'll be off then," Ye Xiu said, a shrug emoji appearing above Lord Grim's head as he turned to leave.</p>
    <p>Blue River watched him go, but soon realized that the scouts from the other guilds hadn't left the revival point. Their gazes were all locked onto one character: Lord Grim. Soon enough, they all began to head in the same direction that Lord Grim went.</p>
    <p>Blue River suddenly came to a realization.</p>
    <p>There was no way they could let a dangerous person like Lord Grim go unwatched. He had brought on the current situation, so why wouldn't he have tricks up his sleeve?</p>
    <p>Of course he would!</p>
    <p>This guy definitely had some sort of scheme. They couldn't be careless; they had to keep an eye on him.</p>
    <p>Thinking of this, Blue River hurriedly had his alt follow as he sent a message to Changing Spring: "I'm not coming anymore. I'm keeping an eye on Lord Grim."</p>
    <p>"!!!" Changing Spring, who didn't like chatting through messages, used three exclamation marks to express his emotions.</p>
    <p>"Yes, he's here. He's also the one who leaked that there was a monster located here." Blue River explained.</p>
    <p>Chang Spring didn't dare be even a little careless, immediately turning to order the other members of the guild. "We need another three teams in Kansas City."</p>
    <p>"Three teams! Is that necessary!?" Someone objected. "Stealing raised monsters is just to get some points, but it's also very important that we keep up with the event on a larger scale. Isn't it too risky to have so many elites focus on the raised monsters?"</p>
    <p>"You're right." Changing Spring calmed himself immediately. "We need to keep a balance. We don't need three. One team will be enough."</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, Lord Grim. Just the name could cause a guild leader to lose his cool at once. The trauma his presence had left on these people in the Heavenly Domain was clear as day.</p>
    <p>What was he planning here?</p>
    <p>It wasn't just Changing Spring wondering about this. He wasn't the only one allocating more people to Kansas City.</p>
    <p>Kansas City suddenly became an important tactical point for them. They hadn't even found the raised monster, but were already on their highest guard against Lord Grim. During all of this, the situation in Kansas City brought a lot of attention. The guilds that hadn't check this city yet all heard of the unusual situation and quickly gathered people. This was almost like stealing a wild boss. The activities of guilds were obvious. This was because if you had few people, you wouldn't have a chance of winning, but if you had many, then it would be very hard to cover up your movements.</p>
    <p>With this, the guilds fell into a very awkward situation.</p>
    <p>Manpower!</p>
    <p>How much manpower should they send?</p>
    <p>For a wild boss, they would naturally have all the elites join in the fray, but now they had to consider a balance. They didn't want to waste their resources on this battle and affect the overall score of the guild in this event. It was just that different guilds had different ideas of balance. Some guilds would think one team was enough, others, three. That meant if they faced three teams with one team, they wouldn't have a winning chance.</p>
    <p>Thus, the guilds looked for the monster as they scouted out the strength of the other guilds. After that, they would make the necessary adjustments. Most of their adjustments were to increase their numbers, because it wasn't just enough to have the same manpower as the others, but they had to be stronger. That way, they would have a better hold. Thus, if one side made adjustments, the other side would, too, then this side would notice and make more adjustments. Was there an end to this loop?</p>
    <p>After sending two more teams to Kansas City, Tyrannical Ambition's Jiang You was the first to break. He jumped into the guild leader chat and sent a message. "Holy crap, are we planning to put all our manpower here?" </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>"Where?" Someone asked.</p>
    <p>Jiang You was about to type, but then stopped suddenly.</p>
    <p>The one who asked was Blossom Valley's guild leader, Blooming Blossoms. Did Hundred Blossoms have any people in Kansas City yet? If they didn't, then wouldn't he give it away by speaking? Jiang You hurriedly looked back at his message history. He really couldn't recall if Hundred Blossoms had or not. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Yet soon enough, someone gave him an answer. Herb Garden's Arisaema replied, "Stop pretending, Blooming. Where do you think?"</p>
    <p>"Haha, I'm just testing the waters. Is everyone here?" Blooming Blossoms said.</p>
    <p>Jiang You wilted. The communication between them guild leaders never hid any good intentions. But, speaking of, since when did they start gathering to chat about things like this? They hadn't had this habit before; they would just scheme against each other in the past! Jiang You thought for a while until he saw someone mention a name in the chat.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim!</p>
    <p>That's right. It wasn't until after this guy appeared that their relationship had changed. Just this one person had managed to force these rival guilds to work together against a common enemy. He really was something! And this time, was this person here again? Tyrannical Ambition had been a little late to the game, so they didn't know Lord Grim's role in all of this, and Jiang You had only just gotten wind of his participation. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>No wonder everyone was willing to talk about this together again! Could it be that everyone would be facing a dire situation whenever this guy appeared?</p>
    <p>By now, all the guilds that could come had come to Kansas City, so there was no problem in openly discussing this. However, they had a problem to solve!</p>
    <p>"Hey everyone…" Herb Garden's Arisaema spoke up, "The event is still ongoing and time is precious. Expending too much manpower and time on this isn't worth it. I suggest that we settle things peacefully for once and don't fight. Let's just use luck to decide this. Finders keepers, okay? This way, we won't have to endlessly put more resources into this.</p>
    <p>"Good idea!" Someone immediately agreed.</p>
    <p>"My ass!" Yet soon enough, someone objected. Curt and straightforward, it was Blue Brook's Changing Spring. It was impossible to have this guy type out and explain things clearly. It was a good thing that someone else had also thought of the same thing as him. Soon enough, the guild leader of Howling Heights, West Riding Wind said, "Hey, have you guys forgotten that this isn't a wild boss? This thing has an owner, and that owner is someone amongst us!" </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Arisaema was stunned. He really had forgotten about that. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Could it be Herb Garden's?" A guild leader immediately suspected. Though it didn't really matter, Arisaema's suggestion of a peaceful resolution, not adding more manpower, finders keepers was just too much of a benefit for the owner, causing people to immediately suspect them of being the owners.</p>
    <p>"Tch…" Arisaema immediately acted uncaring, but was it real nonchalance or was it pretending? Like the whole question around who the owner of the monster was, this was unimportant as well, so no one bothered to press. It was just that after realizing the target they were acting against was amongst them, everything became awkward. No matter what they came up with, the defending side would be able to put in precautions against them all! Poor guy, though, having to discuss how to deal with himself with everyone else. That was pretty harsh!</p>
    <p>"How troublesome…" Some people began to complain. They clearly had not an inkling of an idea as to how everyone should proceed. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>"Who's monster is it? It's not like you can run with it anymore, just tell everyone already!" Someone yelled.</p>
    <p>No one would own up to it, but this made many of the guild leaders realize something.</p>
    <p>They couldn't run...</p>
    <p>If the guild that was raising the monster also realized this, then what would they do?</p>
    <p>Doubtlessly, kill it immediately!</p>
    <p>"Quick, check the rankings, see if anyone's points just jumped," Some guild leaders swiftly gave the order.</p>
    <p>But then, they thought things through again. What was the goal of raising monsters? To give them to the pro team. Even if Kansas City's raised monster was still rather small, it would still be better than a normal monster. If they were being forced to kill it, then they could also call people from the pro team over!</p>
    <p>"Keep an eye on the teleportation formation, send people to the gates, take note of pro characters!" The new order immediately spread through the guilds. Each guild leader had about the same reaction speed to situations like this. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Pro characters!</p>
    <p>This was key. If the other was forced to kill, then they had to call pro characters over. Pro characters, pro characters...</p>
    <p>This order was swiftly relayed to everyone at Kansas City. Many people quickly replied to their guilds, "Pro characters? Does Lord Grim count?"</p>
    <p>Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>Damn!</p>
    <p>Several of the guild leaders suddenly jumped up. Could it be that the monster being raised here belonged to Happy?</p>
    <p>With that thought in mind, the guild leaders became excited. Always, it had been Happy giving them blow after blow, and them? They hadn't ever seemed to be able to manage to deal a painful strike back. This time, they finally had the chance. So it was Happy who was raising a monster in Kansas City?</p>
  </body>
</html>
