<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1050: The Race to Kill</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1050: The Race to Kill</h1>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf had high resistance, but not enough as that he could completely ignore the freezing effects of Ice Boundary. He wouldn't be completely frozen, but his movement speed being reduced was a reality that was already occurring.</p>
    <p>No one bothered with him any longer. Lord Grim, One Inch Ash, Steamed Bun Invasion all darted towards Combat Form from their respective positions. Even people who hadn't played Glory, but only similar games would know what the key was to this current situation.</p>
    <p>Seeing the situation here change abruptly, An Wenyi knew what he had to do next. He no longer focused on running, prepared to switch all his equipment at a moment's notice. The time for him to heal had finally come. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The situation of the field was ever changing and not something that anyone could be certain of. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>But at this moment, the situation was clear.</p>
    <p>The key to victory was if Happy could regroup with their healer or not. Their health had all fallen to a dangerous low. Lord Grim had 5 percent, One Inch Ash at 8 percent and Steamed Bun Invasion at 10 percent.</p>
    <p>This sort of health was at the range where powerful character like those of Excellent Era's could take down in one wave. On the other hand, of Excellent Era's two characters, One Autumn Leaf still had 67 percent of his health and Combat Form had 55 percent. These two characters hadn't received any critical damage. The damage they had taken was accumulated through exchanges of attacks. With this sort of advantage in health, Happy wouldn't come out well even in a three versus two without some good healing.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>If they entered Little Cold Hands' healing range, then they could launch a full-on offensive without worrying. Then, what Excellent Era's duo would be facing was the same difficulty and awkwardness Ye Xiu and co had when they went up against Sun Xiang and One Autumn Leaf.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi had begun to maneuver himself, trying to find a way to get support. However, Qiu fei was still locked onto him, chasing him further and further away.</p>
    <p>Most people wouldn't understand the full situation, but they could still tell what their intentions were.</p>
    <p>In terms of movement speed, Lord Grim and co didn't have any advantages over Combat Form. If Combat Form could continue to herd Little Cold Hands like this, then the distance between the three sides would remain constant. Then, Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf would be able to charge back into the fray.</p>
    <p>This sort of shocking occurrence was being realized under Qiu Fei's strict and efficient pathing. When Lord Grim and the other begun their chase, he had accelerated as well. Little Cold Hands was locked out of range by him, only able to run farther and farther away. He might not be able to keep this up forever, but it wouldn't be long before One Autumn Leaf managed to escape the Ice Boundary. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Were they going to lose this advantage they had fought so hard to gain?</p>
    <p>Happy's supporters felt cold sweat in their fists. Everyone's gaze all focused on a single person.</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>That's right. The only one who could make a breakthrough in this sort of situation was him. With his skill level, he really couldn't face pro players properly, but just dodging like this wouldn't help the situation any, only bring it to a deadlock. No matter what, he had to take a risk. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>It's on! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The calm and rational An Wenyi found that he had no other choice but to take this risk and hardened his heart. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Little Cold Hand abruptly switched out several pieces of equipment and his movement speed immediately plummeted. Then, he turned and charged. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>He had to charge into the fray.</p>
    <p>However, he wasn't the only one who understood this. Qiu Fei had clearly realized, too, and had been waiting for An Wenyi to let go and charge. Little Cold Hands' current actions were within his expectations.</p>
    <p>Dragon Rises from the Sea!</p>
    <p>Cloud Whirling Windstorm! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>In these desperate moments, no one would hold back anything. They would do everything they could, use everything they could. Qiu Fei's Combat Form successively used these two big skills, and this was something he had also done in the group arena. He used the chaotic magical energy from Cloud Whirling Windstorm to spread the vapor from Dragon Rises from the Sea across the area, creating a blanket of mist. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Hide the characters, block the view!</p>
    <p>This use of effects wasn't some sort of signature move. Zhang Jiale's Hundred Blossoms style was representative of using skill effects in this style. However, used now, Little Cold Hands and Happy's three attempts to find each other became like looking for needles in a haystack. Combat Form hid within the mist, no doubt aiming to strike at Little Cold Hands. When incapable of seeing where attacks were coming from, An Wenyi couldn't find a target even if he wanted to heal. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Angel Wings! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>An Wenyi dealt with this with an Angel Wings. Snowy white wings made from holy light sprouted from his back and Little Cold Hands floated into the air. He wasn't very high up, but it helped him gain a better view.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was too rational. He didn't think for a second that his skill level was high enough to use pathing to evade a pro player's blockade so he didn't even try. What he wanted to do was grasp a chance to send out a heal. His goal was that simple. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The floating Little Cold Hands charged forwards, using his height to locate Lord Grim and the others once more. In the distance, Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf had also escaped the Ice Boundary and was dashing over. He had originally had four neutral Chasers prepared, but unfortunately, Chasers weren't food. You had to use them to attack in order to get the buffs. Currently, he had no attack targets nearby so even with the four Chasers, he couldn't buff his movement speed.</p>
    <p>However, he wasn't the focus of the match right now.</p>
    <p>Dragon Tooth! </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Combat Form, amidst the mist, had attacked, his spear stabbing upwards in a diagonal towards Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi wasn't useless. He was naturally on his guard against Combat Form's attacks, hurriedly swerving to the side while sending a Sacred Fire in return.</p>
    <p>Combat Form easily dodged, his attack rhythm not affected in the slightest. After the Dragon Tooth came a Double Stab, spear thrusting forwards twice. This time, An Wenyi had trouble dealing with it. When facing a mechanics expert, someone whose mechanics wasn't all that great would have trouble keeping up with their opponent's combo pace. After using his all to avoid these two strikes, An Wenyi knew he was at his limit. He wouldn't be able to dodge the following strike. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>That was when three cannon blasts sounded. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Anti-Tank Missiles! </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>The three successive booms of this skill's activation were too striking and the only one that could use this skill currently on the field was Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Combat Form hastily dodged to the side, but his attack didn't stop. A Circle Swing finally pulled Little Cold Hands down from midair. At the same time, he saw the cross in Little Cold Hands' hands flash with sacred light and a Holy Cure was clearly sent out. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>How could this be!</p>
    <p>Qiu Fei was stunned for an instant before realizing that while there were three blasts of a canon, no missiles had come. Yet soon enough, with a string of gunshots, a hail of bullets arrived.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had entered attacking range!</p>
    <p>Qiu Fei realized he had been tricked.</p>
    <p>The mist from the attack effect had cut the two sides out of each others line of sight, but also hindered his own awareness of the situation. He had thought Lord Grim, gleaning his position from his attacks at Little Cold Hands, had launched his own attack. Dodging had slowed his Circle Swing down just a little.</p>
    <p>Though this was enough to catch Little Cold Hands, the Cleric had managed to rush out a heal in that time.</p>
    <p>If Qiu Fei's calculations were correct, Lord Grim and the others should be just out of range.</p>
    <p>However, the absence of the Anti-Tank Missiles alerted him to what had occurred.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's Anti-Tank Missiles weren't an attack, but an Aerial Cannon. Using Qiu Fei's limited awareness, he had tricked Qiu Fei with the sound of the Anti-Tank Missiles. His dodging had slowed down his attack pace while Lord Grim's skill had increased his movement speed. The combination of this had given An Wenyi a chance to heal in that instant and An Wenyi didn't waste it. His grasp of timing was his greatest talent. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Holy Cure instantly pulled Lord Grim's health back up by 8 percent to 13 percent. The healing power of a proper healing was something a part-timer like Lord Grim could hope to achieve. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Following this, Lord Grim, having closed in, started to use firepower to suppress Combat Form. Since he had entered attacking range, he had also entered Little Cold Hands' healing range. No matter what, letting the healer fully regroup with Happy's three spelled defeat for them. He had to work harder on creating an opening.</p>
    <p>Sky Strike, Dragon Tooth, Falling Flower Palm!</p>
    <p>This was one of the most classic three-skill Battle Mage combo. After sending a target airborne, landing a Dragon Tooth and then a Falling Flower Palm, Little Cold Hands was thrown far off by this combo. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Qiu Fei didn't try to boxout Little Cold Hands any longer. Lord Grim had already reached his side, so how would he possibly get the chance to?</p>
    <p>Whirling around, Combat Form launched a furious offense in disregard to everything else, forcing Lord Grim backwards, determined to not let him take another step forwards. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>One Inch Ash and Steamed Bun Invasion quickly entered the fray and behind them, Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf had finally arrived as well. The value of Qiu Fei boxing out Little Cold Hands was apparent here. Sun Xiang hadn't left the battle for too long. After having to hold it in for so long, he was merciless with his attacks.</p>
    <p>"Kill them quickly!" </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Sun Xiang yelled into the channel.</p>
    <p>Racing to kill them was, naturally, a race to kill them before Little Cold Hands returned. Having been thrown out by the Battle Mage, Little Cold Hands was rushing over as fast as he could.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei didn't think about blocking Little Cold Hands anymore because they knew that with Ye Xiu here, they wouldn't have another chance.</p>
    <p>Race to kill them! They had to race to kill them no matter the cost; they had to kill them before Little Cold Hands arrived.</p>
    <p>In that moment, there was no tactics, no dodging, no parrying, just attack after attack as if their characters had endless health. They bled continuously even as they forced their opponents to do the same. Everyone's hand speed had erupted to a peak state and the pacing of the battle was terrifyingly fast. All sorts of skills flew about and blood splattered everywhere. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Had they lost all sanity?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Excellent Era was at a state where they had to risk it all. The healer was fast approaching so all they could do was race to finish this. As for Happy? Low health was their problem. Even with a healer, if their health was too low and the opponent was brute forcing DPS, not even a healer would be able to save them. Sp all Happy could do was respond with equal mercilessness, competing with Excellent Era on DPS.</p>
  </body>
</html>
