<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1489 - Crazy Hundred Blossoms</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1489 - Crazy Hundred Blossoms</h1>
    <p>When Mo Fan came onto the stage, everyone’s first thought was his title Godslayer. Their second thought was the cold and cheerless chat.</p>
    <p>For Mo Fan, it wasn’t even a question of not speaking much, he didn’t speak at all. Even Ye Xiu felt astonished because when he first met Mo Fan in the game, it was true that Mo Fan didn’t speak much, but he wasn’t completely silent like he was in real life. It seemed like he was the type who could communicate in virtual worlds, but when it came to real life, he wouldn’t say a word. After he became a pro, he would practically never speak in the game either. Was it because he was so invested into the game that he couldn’t differentiate between fantasy and reality? Ye Xiu didn’t know, and he had no way to ask. Communicating with him was hard!</p>
    <p>Soon afterwards, the match began.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was the type of player who would occasionally say a few words. In the fight with Ye Xiu, apart from “You come in!”, “You come out!” when the two were stuck, there were no other interactions between the two players. Relatively few words had been spoken that round. This round, facing the taciturn Mo Fan, Zhang Jiale also became quiet.</p>
    <p>“There’s surprisingly little talking between the players today!” Li Yibo sighed. He had thought that because Ye Xiu and Tyranny’s old generals had known each other for a long time, there would be quite a bit of trash talking between them. As it turned out, Ye Xiu and Zhang Jiale bickered childishly for a bit and then, that was it.</p>
    <p>“There probably won’t be a lot of talking this round,” Pan Lin followed up. Mo Fan never speaking was common knowledge.</p>
    <p>The two players remained silent. Both players chose to take the middle road, moving towards the manor, one from the front, one from the back.</p>
    <p>“Are all of today’s fights going to be decided in this manor?” Pan Lin joked.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms took the same route as the previous round. He went in from the manor’s back door and walked through the rooms in the first floor. Compared to last round, he had a better understanding of the layout of the rooms, so he walked more confidently.</p>
    <p>As for Mo Fan? Deception didn’t enter through the main entrance. This time, a real Ninja had taken the field. With skillful ninjato technique, Deception climbed onto the roof.</p>
    <p>The further Dazzling Hundred Blossoms went in, the more careful he became. He needed to be ready for the opponent to appear at any moment. Meanwhile, Deception moved along the rooftop swiftly. Just when everyone thought that he would go through the hole in the roof from the Ye Xiu and Qin Muyun battle, he went directly towards the back of the manor. After cautiously peering downwards, he jumped off the roof soundlessly.</p>
    <p>Deception had made his way across the manor to where Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had been initially. Then, he went in.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans in Xiaoshan Stadium went into an uproar. Going all the way across the manor to circle to the back of the opponent was truly too despicable. Tyranny’s fans looked down on such an action.</p>
    <p>Even if they looked down on it, they couldn’t help but worry for Zhang Jiale because Zhang Jiale clearly didn’t realize what had happened. His vision was focused on where Mo Fan might be if he came through the front door.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s Deception entered the manor and started his search, quickly checking room after room. Deception was slowly getting closer to Dazzling Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>Happy’s fans were excited.</p>
    <p>Sneak attacks! It wasn’t possible to kill the opponent in one strike, but the important part was that when the sneak attack came, the opponent would be flustered. To the viewers, it was an enjoyable sight.</p>
    <p>Deception was getting closer and closer. Zhang Jiale hadn’t noticed yet. He was on the lookout for Mo Fan, but he had completely ignored his backside.</p>
    <p>The doors were opened gently. To avoid startling the snake by beating the grass, the two were careful with their every action. Although the two hadn’t come across each other yet, the two acted like their opponent was in the next room. But this time, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms’ opening and closer of the door was caught by Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>With a stride forward, Deception had arrived at the door that Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had just closed and gently opened it.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was familiar with the layout of the manor. Once Dazzling Hundred Blossoms entered this room, he probably wouldn’t look back. This room had only one other exit, and Dazzling Hundred Blossoms could only move in that direction.</p>
    <p>Deception had activated the Disappearing Body Technique as he rolled into the room. He got up and sprinted soundlessly towards Dazzling Hundred Blossoms as his two hands quickly formed seals.</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu – Flickering Pursuit!</p>
    <p>Deception became a blur. It was only then did Zhang Jiale notice, but it was too late. Deception struck Dazzling Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>“Ohhhhhh!!”</p>
    <p>The anxiousness, excitement, and suspense that had been pent up when Deception crossed the manor was let out all at once!</p>
    <p>This was the thrill of an ambush. This sort of excitement couldn’t be found in any other way.</p>
    <p>Empty Cicada Double Kill, Flame Cut, Annihilation!</p>
    <p>Deception followed with three consecutive skills, all of them landing and launching Dazzling Hundred Blossom into the air.</p>
    <p>But getting hit into the air had actually given Zhang Jiale an opportunity to respond. He immediately dropped a grenade.</p>
    <p>Grenades were AoE attacks. As long as Zhang Jiale had a general idea of Deception’s position, it was enough for him to attack.</p>
    <p>As for Deception? He dashed and jumped. Then, he borrowed the wall to jump back. This series of fast and fluid movements allowed Deception to dodge Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s grenade.</p>
    <p>Damn!</p>
    <p>Surprise flashed through Zhang Jiale’s mind. He had been surprised again and again by Ye Xiu. One round later, he was surprised again by another opponent, Happy’s Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>Countless flashes of light accompanied his surprise.</p>
    <p>Pu pu pu pu!</p>
    <p>As Dazzling Hundred Blossoms fell, Deception jumped and stomped on him.</p>
    <p>After Storm Shuriken, he followed with a Bird Fall.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms crashed to the ground. The entire room seemed to tremble. After Deception’s BIrd Fall, he wanted to borrow the momentum to run. For him, the combo had been long enough. It was time for him to stop and adjust the tempo.</p>
    <p>But the momentum was unexpectedly too much.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Deception crashed into the ceiling, but he didn’t immediately start free-falling down. Instead, it was like he was stuck to the ceiling.</p>
    <p>To be more precise, he was pushed.</p>
    <p>Deception wasn’t the only one pushed. The furnishings in the room were pushed askew. The more fragile objects shattered into pieces.</p>
    <p>Implosion Grenade!</p>
    <p>The Implosion Grenade had set off at the perfect timing. It had exploded the instant Dazzling Hundred Blossoms fell to the ground. In this room, apart from Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, nothing else was left untouched.</p>
    <p>Deception wanted to escape, but because of the push from Implosion Grenade, he was pushed to the ceiling. Because of the limited space, the force from the Implosion Grenade wasn’t able to completely proliferate outwards, which was why Deception was stuck to the ceiling, unable to get down.</p>
    <p>It was just for a short instant, but it was enough for Dazzling Hundred Blossoms to shoot who knew how many bullets.</p>
    <p>As the bullets flew, a grenade was thrown. In the blink of an eye, Deception was swallowed by the light. Soon afterwards, he was back onto the ground.</p>
    <p>But Dazzling Hundred Blossom followed him down. The bullets continued to barrage him. On the ceiling, a charred strawman could be seen. No one gave it another glance, only the broadcast gave it a close-up.</p>
    <p>Substitution Technique!</p>
    <p>Although Deception was able to get to the ground, he wasn’t able to escape from Dazzling Hundred Blossoms’ pursuit.</p>
    <p>The room had two exits. Mo Fan could only look on helplessly at them; his Deception had no way of reaching them. Not only could he not reach them, to reduce the damage he took, he had to retreat away from them.</p>
    <p>Similar to what Ye Xiu had experienced last round, the blooming net of gunfire would force the target to the corner. Then, amidst the beautiful blossoms, the target would be killed.</p>
    <p>At the end, Ye Xiu was able to borrow Dazzling Hundred Blossoms’ firepower to break a hole through the wall. But Mo Fan? What could Mo Fan do? Ye Xiu’s previous method of escaping wouldn’t work a second time. Zhang Jiale wasn’t stupid.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan could only rely on his own methods.</p>
    <p>Deception suddenly retreated back all the way. He hadn’t been forced to do so, it was a display of attitude.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale promptly adjusted his aim. This short window was an opening for Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>An opening that let Deception finish several hand seals.</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu – Shadow Dance!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was able to complete the hand seals for a Level 70 skill in just an instant. One Deception turned into ten. The one that had been in the corner was instantly swallowed by the blinding light.</p>
    <p>It wasn’t a big room. For claustrophobic viewers, these ten identical clones made them feel nauseous.</p>
    <p>“He’s going to use the chaos to run!” Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>“Using a high-level skill just to escape, Mo Fan is quite wasteful,” Li Yibo sighed. For a scrap picker, safety was number one. It didn’t matter what had to be used to guarantee his safety, it would be worth it.</p>
    <p>Ten Deceptions. Which one was real? There was no way to tell because the Heart of Shadow Dance could be switched around at any time. Zhang Jiale ‘s only choice seemed to be to guard those two exits. But the other side wasn’t just going to line up and rush towards those two exits to die! If Deception used a few attacks to harass Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, wouldn’t that make it easier for him to escape?</p>
    <p>How difficult! The Tyranny fans acted as if they were in Zhang Jiale’s position. Their brows were furrowed, and they looked as if they were at wit’s end. But then, they saw the entire room blossom with light…</p>
    <p>If it was said that in the previous round, no one was able to see that crazy Hundred Blossoms style, then in this round, everyone saw a Hundred Blossoms that was even crazier than in their imaginations.</p>
    <p>The entire room filled with light. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms? Ten Deceptions? All that remained were blurry silhouettes.</p>
    <p>The projection technology could intelligently remove objects blocking the viewers’ sights, but it did not obstruct the visual effects from the characters’ attacks…</p>
    <p>Who cared if there were ten Deceptions? Who cared if there were two exits? Who cared about enemy harass?</p>
    <p>He would simply strike at every corner of the room, leaving Deception no place to hide.</p>
    <p>Even though he had returned to his roots, that didn’t mean he had forgotten that wildness from those two and a half seasons.</p>
    <p>A hundred blossoms to burn away everything in his path. At that time, he had believed in it!</p>
    <p>And now, when he needed it, he wouldn’t give up on trying it.</p>
    <p>The three summers of wild blossoms, which had once attempted to burn everything down, bloomed again in this little room.</p>
  </body>
</html>
