<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 503 – Collaborator</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 503 – Collaborator</h1>
    <p>Chen Guo couldn’t believe what was happening. She tapped her keyboard, got up from her seat, and then walked towards Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>When she looked over…..</p>
    <p>It was real. It was actually happening. This guy was already on QQ chatting with Loulan Slash.</p>
    <p>“You really have no shame!” Chen Guo cried.</p>
    <p>“Did you see the declaration the top guilds made today?” Ye Xiu greeted Loulan Slash with a question.</p>
    <p>“I saw it. Ha ha ha ha! We’re only worth 100 yuan. All of us together are only worth one of you. How depressing.” Loulan Slash replied. He was someone who knew how to find fun in things. He was conflicted about his bounty’s value!</p>
    <p>“We’re all foils. Look at that declaration. Deception is the main focus.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha, naturally. He’s a scrap picker. Of course, he should stand out, but their emphasis is still mostly on you. They don’t want everyone to forget about you, so they also placed a 500 yuan bounty on you.” Loulan Slash understood the guilds’ intent.</p>
    <p>“I came looking for you to discuss this.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Mm, it really is troublesome. Our characters were just open accounts. We can just not use them, but it’s a lot tougher for you!” Loulan Slash sighed.</p>
    <p>“That’s not it. My meaning is I wish to take that money.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The other side didn’t reply for a long time. Loulan Slash clearly knew what Ye Xiu’s intentions were.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu saw that the other side suddenly stopped talking and moved his QQ window around.</p>
    <p>“God, are you serious……” Loulan Slash could only use ellipses to express his thoughts. He felt too embarrassed to say anything negative, but couldn’t think of anything positive to say.</p>
    <p>“I can’t change my main account. Right now, I just don’t know if you’re interested or not. If you’re interested, then it’s fine. If you’re not, then I can exchange five of my open accounts for those five open accounts.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“There’s no need to trade. You can just have them.” After a short moment of silence, Loulan Slash gave a blunt answer.</p>
    <p>“Wow! How nice of you! Do you want a share of the pot?”</p>
    <p>“No need! No need!”</p>
    <p>“You’re an investor too, so your share won’t be small!” Ye Xiu replied politely.</p>
    <p>“No need. Really, there’s no need!” Loulan Slash refused.</p>
    <p>“You’re too nice.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha, this small amount of money isn’t much to me. Really, believe me!” Loulan Slash didn’t want to be involved in this, so he spoke as if he were filthy rich.</p>
    <p>“Okay, okay. If you don’t want to, I won’t force you.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Uh, but speaking of this, even though the bounty is out, we might just be something said for appearances. That bounty says the target has to die for the reward to be paid. If they don’t kill the target, you won’t get the money.” Loulan Slash shifted to a different topic and dug into the issue with the guilds’ statement.</p>
    <p>“Mm, I thought of this too, but if I’m controlling it myself, why do I have to let them kill me? I’ll kill myself off, record the death, and send it to them.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“But if you keep doing it over and over again, won’t it seem too fake?” Loulan Slash asked, “You can kill yourself in the game, but there’s only so many ways to do it, no?”</p>
    <p>“That’s true, so I need a few collaborators. How about it?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh no, my mom called me to come eat dinner. I’ve got to go. Give me an address and I’ll send those five accounts over to you. That’s all for now then. Bye!” Loulan Slash quickly logged off.</p>
    <p>“Shameless! Too shameless!” Chen Guo muttered.</p>
    <p>“Who would be less suspicious to collaborate with?” Ye Xiu pondered.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo saw Ye Xiu’s and Loulan Slash’s chat exchange, looking down on him, while also beginning to think too.</p>
    <p>Contact her friends to help? Chen Guo originally had this thought, but when she thought about it, no matter how many friends she had, it wouldn’t be enough! In order to kill all 5 characters until they dropped to level one would require 1750 deaths. Even if each friend could kill one character ten times, she would still need at least 175 friends. Ten times for one character was already very suspicious too.</p>
    <p>The Heavenly Domain was the final destination for all ten servers. In order to accommodate all these players, the world was enormous. Finding a single person within that sea of players was like finding a needle in a haystack. Why else would the Club guilds place a bounty on them? The Club guilds were already considered extremely powerful forces in the game.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo wasn’t able to think of a good solution. When she looked at Ye Xiu, his computer screen had the webpage for a game studio.</p>
    <p>“Are you going to look for a studio?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t studios very fair?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>CHen Guo thought about it for a moment and agreed. For this type of buying and selling that required effort to complete, let alone one character being able to kill for a bounty ten times, killing the bounty a few more times wouldn’t be a problem, especially if they recorded it themselves. This was something a studio could easily do.</p>
    <p>“Illusion Studio is a pretty good option.” Chen Guo sat to the side. She saw Ye Xiu skim over information on studios and recommended one of them as she saw him skim past.</p>
    <p>“Really?” Ye Xiu opened up the description for Illusion Studio, but then closed it after reading it.</p>
    <p>“What do you think?” Chen Guo was puzzled. Illusion Studio was a trustworthy, in-game, studio. They had many options and had good ratings. Chen Guo didn’t understand why Ye Xiu was unsatisfied with it.</p>
    <p>“I’m going to keep looking.” Ye Xiu continued to search.</p>
    <p>“Future is pretty good too.” Chen Guo recommended again. Experienced players usually had some understanding of studios, so they knew the more popular ones.</p>
    <p>However, Ye Xiu looked at it and then rejected it too.</p>
    <p>“What are you looking for?” Chen Guo didn’t know what he wanted.</p>
    <p>“One that I’m familiar with.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You….. you’re familiar with some of them?” Chen Guo was astonished.</p>
    <p>“I’ve played this game for ten years. I have all sorts of connections.” Ye Xiu didn’t think much of it.</p>
    <p>As he said this, he finally clicked on a studio that he was looking at. Chen Guo looked at it. This studio had a pretty low rating and the customer reviews were very mediocre. Most players would consider it a scam and wouldn’t do business with them. However, Ye Xiu didn’t look at these reviews and immediately clicked on the contact info. He really was looking for someone he recognized, and not a famous one.</p>
    <p>“Mo Qiang, not a well known one…….” Ye Xiu muttered, while asking Chen Guo if he borrow her cellphone.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo handed over her handphone and saw Ye Xiu quickly punch in the phone number listed for “Mo Qiang Studio”.</p>
    <p>“Hello, old Mo?”</p>
    <p>“Who is it?”</p>
    <p>“Can’t you tell from my voice?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I can’t tell. This is a work phone. If you have business, say it.”</p>
    <p>“Is your QQ XXX?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Yeah!” The other side was a bit suspicious.</p>
    <p>“Let’s talk on QQ.” Ye Xiu hung up.</p>
    <p>“If you know his QQ, why did you call him?” Chen Guo was puzzled.</p>
    <p>“How could I know he’s doing this now? Shouldn’t I confirm it by phone first?” Ye Xiu said. He looked for the QQ username and messaged him.</p>
    <p>“!!!!!” The other side replied with five exclamation marks.</p>
    <p>“You were the one who called?” The other side followed.</p>
    <p>“Yes, it was me.”</p>
    <p>“You’re still alive!”</p>
    <p>“Of course…..”</p>
    <p>“If you’re alive, then why’d you retire????”</p>
    <p>“......”</p>
    <p>“Let’s chat later. First, let’s talk business.” Mo Qiang said.</p>
    <p>“Did you see the bounty offered by the guilds?” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Of course. Oh! You’re Lord Grim?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah, that’s me!”</p>
    <p>“D*mn! Are you planning on sacrificing your own account to give this bro some nice money to spend? Let me think about it. Each death is 500. One level five times. Level 70 to Level 1 means 175,000 yuan. We can also get a Cleric to revive you, so you double that and that’s 350,000! Since that’s just the Heavenly Domain. You can pretend to run back to the normal servers. If we go to the normal servers to kill you, then double it again for 700,000! Holy sh*t! You’re going to send your bro 700,000! You really are a God. You’re too enlightened!” Mo Qiang said.</p>
    <p>“Did you finish calculating it?” Ye Xiu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Chen Guo was frozen. He really was a f*cking professional! He maximized the amount of profit that could be earned. Ye Xiu and Tang Rou had calculated 175,000 yuan, but this figure was way too weak compared to the 700,000 that had just been mentioned.</p>
    <p>“I obviously know you’re not here to give it to me for free. What are your conditions?” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
    <p>“When did I say I was going to allow you to get Lord Grim killed?” Ye Xiu was speechless.</p>
    <p>“Then what are you here for?” Mo Qiang was puzzled. It sounded like Ye Xiu wasn’t looking for him to do this.</p>
    <p>“I have to use Lord Grim, but I can provide you the other five accounts who are on the hitlist.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Which five accounts? Are you talking about the ones worth 100 each?” Mo Qiang said.</p>
    <p>“Yes……”</p>
    <p>“Those five. Isn’t that a bit too small? The net profit is only only worth one Lord Grim for all five…… What about Deception? Can you get that one?” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
    <p>“I can’t……”</p>
    <p>“How regretful.” Mo Qiang expressed.</p>
    <p>“Can you do it?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I can. Of course, I can! However, you’re going to need to give me the details. I have to do some analysis to see how I should go about this.” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu gave him a general explanation. Mo Qiang listened and expressed some of his disappointment: “So it’s like that….. Those accounts are clearly just for appearance. With how crafty those guys are, if you only provide them with information, they won’t give you the money. Even if we do it like you say, at a certain point, they’ll remove the bounty and you won’t get the maximum theoretical profit possible.”</p>
    <p>“True.” Ye Xiu wasn’t too surprised. He had clearly thought about this too.</p>
    <p>“If we just directly kill you until they stop giving the bounty, then it’ll be very fake…… but then again, this amount of money isn’t much to them anyways. Plus, it’s all of the Clubs combined. With their work ethic, I doubt they’d go back on their word.” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
    <p>“They shouldn’t.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then we’ll do it like that then! We won’t revive with a Cleric either. If we do it too excessively, they won’t be happy with us getting so greedy. We have to leave them some face.” Mo Qiang suggested after thinking about it some more.</p>
    <p>“Then it’s set?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Bullsh*t. What’s my share?” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
    <p>“I’ll give you half.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay okay okay. God is still a God. How daring. Then I’ll go arrange it.” Mo Qiang said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
    <p>“Alright, let’s chat then. Why did you retire?” Mo Qiang asked.</p>
  </body>
</html>
