<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1288: Big Surprise</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1288: Big Surprise</h1>
    <p>The Spring Festival passed in the blink of an eye, and the various players made their way back to their teams. Unlike other people who could slowly readjust to their work after a long break, pro players needed to quickly adjust their condition back to normal. Round 20 of the League matches was right in front of them.</p>
    <p>On the sixth day of the Spring Festival, January 28, Happy's players were already beginning to return to the team. When An Wenyi returned, he obtained the account card that had received a complete makeover.</p>
    <p>He was Happy's weak point, the target of many opponents' strategies, and Happy had made many plans and arrangements revolving around him. His existence seemed like such a burden, and the outside world's cries for Happy to find a qualified healer player had never broken. An Wenyi knew all of this better than anyone. For a new player, the pressure on him was extremely high. But An Wenyi persisted. He knew that his own abilities were limited, and he knew that Ye Xiu had dug him out of the game not for any talent he had but out of helpless desperation. An Wenyi at least had some special trait and stood out just a tiny bit among the ordinary crowd.</p>
    <p>There was still a lot he needed to work on. An Wenyi knew this clearly, and so he was always working hard. He hoped that he could gain something. During the entire winter season, in fact, he'd held worry in his heart. Before, Happy had chosen him because they had no other choice. But now, with Happy's current results, they could definitely attract a better healer. An Wenyi was truly quite scared that he would be replaced just like that. Especially because he was such a logical person, he felt that Happy's doing so would indeed solve the problem once and for all.</p>
    <p>Every day after the winter transfer window opened, he carried this worry. But it seemed that Happy didn't have any intention of making any moves during this transfer window, which reassured him a little. And then during the Spring Festival, and he went home to celebrate the holiday. Even then, An Wenyi didn't dare slack off, and he continued his harsh training.</p>
    <p>But on the last night he was at home, he still had a nightmare. Chen Guo came to find him, telling him that a new Cleric player arrived to the team, and An Wenyi was now left to fend for himself. She only told him now because she wanted to let him enjoy the holiday first…</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was frightened awake in a cold sweat. A method like "let you enjoy the holiday first," which took into account the human feelings involved, was definitely something that fit Chen Guo's style. After that dream, he had no way of falling back asleep.</p>
    <p>The next day, he returned to the team. Carrying the mood that the nightmare had brought him, he returned to Happy, he returned to the training room, and Chen Guo pushed the account card for Little Cold Hands back into his hands.</p>
    <p>In that moment, An Wenyi's heart finally relaxed. There were only a few days left in the transfer window. It looked like the team really didn't plan to find anyone to replace him.</p>
    <p>And then, as he inserted the card and logged onto his character, An Wenyi found that in the room, Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, and Chen Guo were all looking at him strangely, as though waiting for something.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi suddenly had another bad feeling. But he never could have predicted that, when he logged onto the account and checked the character's status and equipment as usual, he was suddenly blinded by an eyeful of silver words.</p>
    <p>Silver equipment?</p>
    <p>One piece, another piece, in total thirteen pieces. A full set of Silver equipment.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was stunned.</p>
    <p>"How about it, still recognizable?" Chen Guo came up to him with a smile.</p>
    <p>"This… this is…" The cool and logical An Wenyi was stammering.</p>
    <p>"High intelligence, high crit, it should fit you very well. Become the fiercest Cleric in Glory!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"This is really… too great…" An Wenyi's mood was complicated, but he wasn't someone who could open his mouth and burst forth with eloquent poetry. In the end when he opened his mouth, he only gave this simple sentence of praise.</p>
    <p>He worried that the team would give up on him. But in the end, the team hadn't given up. They'd actually created a whole new set of Silver equipment for him, a complete set, the first complete set of Silver equipment in Happy. For him. Someone who was nothing more than Happy's weak point, Happy's vulnerability, the one in Happy who was most viewed as dragging everyone down.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi logically thought that he would be replaced, but he was met with the team's "illogical" response. He hated the illogical, but at this moment, he had no idea what he could say aside from "really great."</p>
    <p>"Keep working hard!" Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"Yes!" An Wenyi nodded his head firmly. Not only did the team have patience toward him, they had belief in him. And he could only repay them with his determination and loyalty.</p>
    <p>"But don't take this equipment to join dungeon teams in game. If you lost it, that'd be bad," Chen Guo added, laughing.</p>
    <p>"Ah… you know…" There was an added weight to Chen Guo's reminder, so An Wenyi immediately realized what Chen Guo was actually saying.</p>
    <p>"Not bad," Chen Guo praised him.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi sweatdropped. His diligent and harsh training had caused so many complaints and made countless victims. In order to improve, An Wenyi could only toughen his skin and continue because he truly couldn't think of any more effective method. In a dungeon he had to observe the whole situation and choose the skill and grasp the timing and make judgments and position and so on and so forth. Compared to pure reaction training, An Wenyi felt that this method would allow him to reap greater benefits.</p>
    <p>Because An Wenyi had been training nonstop ever since he'd joined Happy, but to be honest, after a year and a half, the improvement in his reaction times were complete unsatisfactory. It looked like he was naturally limited in this area, and so from early on he'd searched for breakthroughs in other areas. And this sort of grinding training seemed to him an explosive way to improve himself.</p>
    <p>"Alright, since you just got back, take a rest for now. When everyone gets here we'll start practicing again," Ye Xiu said to An Wenyi.</p>
    <p>"I'm not tired, I'll take another look. An Wenyi was fiddling with Little Cold Hands, a Little Cold Hands clad in all-Silver equipment.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled and didn't stop him.</p>
    <p>With this, Happy had given An Wenyi a huge Lunar New Year's gift. But they hadn't expected that someone had also brought back a huge Lunar New Year's gift for Happy.</p>
    <p>Wu Chen, after returning, didn't immediately return to the guild department. With a smile, he logged onto his own account in the training room and then displayed the guild's inventory for everyone to see.</p>
    <p>"Surprised?" Before, it was Ye Xiu and the others waiting to enjoy An Wenyi's expression. And this time, it was Wu Chen's turn to wait and enjoy their expressions.</p>
    <p>"This is…" Chen Guo was dumbstruck. She'd created this team, but her in-game life still continued, and she had an approximate understanding of how many materials the guild had. But she didn't have the habit of checking too often because she felt that that would be hovering over the guild work, and she didn't want to do that. So Chen Guo, as the boss, actually paid less attention to the guild storage than she had as an ordinary guild member. She didn't remember when was the last time she'd checked on Happy's stores. But no matter what, these pages upon pages of filled boxes was almost ridiculous, especially the numerous rare materials included within.</p>
    <p>"From the event?" In the end, Ye Xiu reacted first. Although there weren't many rare materials, there was no way they'd come from wild bosses. Only so many wild bosses could spawn in one week's time. These could only have come from the Lunar New Year event.</p>
    <p>"Yup! Unexpected, right? Everyone is very enthusiastic, you know!" Wu Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Everyone?" Chen Guo was confused.</p>
    <p>"The fans of Team Happy!" Wu Chen said proudly. As the guild leader, Wu Chen could be considered the member of Happy who had the most interactions with ordinary gamers and fans. He watched as Happy's fan base grew bigger and bigger, and he had the greatest impression of the fans' enthusiasm. Although a club guild could gather a large number of fan players, these players ultimately came to play the game, not to do any work for the team. So, the club could only directly control a portion of full-time or half-time players. And for these, the club needed to pay them for the benefits. They weren't reliant on fans' love and support.</p>
    <p>But Happy wasn't quite the same right now. A new team with outstanding results. The fans that they'd gathered were still fresh in their excited support! They gave their time and effort simply out of love without keeping track of the cost. And this time during the Lunar New Year event, players in Guild Happy voluntarily organized groups to build the bricks and tiles that the team needed, and they received a roaring answer. Later, many players who hadn't joined Guild Happy but were still fans of Team Happy all came to participate. They earned materials and sent them to Guild Happy without hesitation.</p>
    <p>Because of this massive, widespread, passionate support, Guild Happy's storage grew full to bursting in just a few short days.</p>
    <p>"This is really… too great…" Chen Guo also entered the state An Wenyi had experienced earlier, the "didn't know how else to express praise."</p>
    <p>"It's not just Heavenly Domain, either. The stores in all the normal servers also earned a lot from this event," Wu Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Then… we really need to thank everyone!" Chen Guo was deeply moved, immediately going to Happy's official Weibo account to post a thank-you message.</p>
    <p>Very soon, numerous people flocked to comment and reblog. The team had received their support, which made the fans very happy. The screen displayed nonstop everyone's shouts of well-wishes and encouragements, so many that there was no way for Chen Guo to reply to them all.</p>
    <p>Happy now had its own official website as well. Chen Guo immediately went over there, prepared to write a more official and formal thank-you message, but after clutching her head for a while, she felt that there was no way she could express her current emotions in writing. She sat there in a daze.</p>
    <p>"This is really too powerful. You organized this?" Ye Xiu asked Wu Chen.</p>
    <p>"I can only say that everyone's emotions accumulated into this. Plus, everyone can see Happy's condition right now, and that we need this kind of support," Wu Chen said, smiling.</p>
    <p>"This is really a great surprise," Ye Xiu said, voice filled with emotion.</p>
    <p>"It's just that the rare materials are a bit lacking. The game system is still selfish!" Wu Chen sighed.</p>
    <p>"Even ordinary materials are good," Ye Xiu smiled. Now that they were prepared to make Orange equipment in the equipment editor, the number of rare materials they needed would greatly decrease. They'd only just discussed this plan at the Lunar New Year dinner, and now the guild brought them this huge explosion. Happy's fortune in the new year was really incomparably strong!</p>
  </body>
</html>
