<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1215: Suppression From Map and Skill</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1215: Suppression From Map and Skill</h1>
    <p>Explosive artillery fire headed straight towards the center of Misty Rain's formation. The AoE covered by her attacks could not be ignored. The five Misty Rain players immediately had their characters dodge, instantly pulling their formation apart. They weren't planning on giving Su Mucheng an opportunity to burst them all at once.</p>
    <p>As the Misty Rain players avoided the artillery fire, they didn't loosen their attacks towards Windward Formation. They seemed to have no intention of firing back at Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>As a result, Su Mucheng also switched targets. Her dazzling artillery barrage fired towards Windward Formation.　　</p>
    <p>Everyone was struck dumb.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation wouldn't take damage from his ally's attacks, and the light from the artillery fire made his figure flicker, appearing and disappearing intermittently. This was Zhang Jiale's famous Hundred Blossoms style.　</p>
    <p>Team Misty Rain was suddenly unable to effectively locate and attack Windward Formation. The Shu sisters immediately switched targets, and their bullets fired towards Dancing Rain at the top of the Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng didn't retreat. Dancing Rain only dodged the necessary incoming attacks, while taking the attacks that wouldn't affect her much. At the same time, a white light glowed around her. Little Cold Hands, who was hiding behind the Half Moon Rock, had started doing his work.</p>
    <p>Without any danger of being attacked and only needing to focus his healing on Dancing Rain, An Wenyi's weaknesses were completely covered up. Under these conditions, An Wenyi's healing displayed an extremely high level of skill. Dancing Rain's health was maintained at a steady state.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain continued to provide cover for Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu realized that something wasn't right.</p>
    <p>With the Shu sisters switching targets, Windward Formation was no longer under any pressure. Thus, Su Mucheng could easily switch targets too, yet why was she still protecting Windward Formation?</p>
    <p>Absolute Focus!</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu immediately had her Windy Rain activate a skill. Just when she was about to cast a high-level spell, Windy Rain was suddenly entrapped by an array of light. All of her skill icons turned gray, meaning they could not be used.</p>
    <p>Spell Shackle!</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu was startled. This was an Elementalist skill. If it had come from the enemy team, then it could only have been from their unspecialized, Lord Grim, and his Myriad Manifestation Umbrella's mage form.</p>
    <p>Where was Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>Spell Shackle was a silence. It did not stop her character from moving. Chu Yunxiu whirled around, but she couldn't see any signs of Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>There's only one possibility...</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu's gaze locked onto the dazzling light created by Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>The flickering of the light created a facade, falsely making it seem like the covered target was moving. In reality, Windward Formation might not be moving and might actually be casting some sort of powerful spell. Lord Grim had entered the light cover as well and sealed her attacks with a Spell Shackle. His intentions were obviously to protect Windward Formation...</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu instantly read and understood Happy's strategic intentions.</p>
    <p>"Focus your fire onto Windward Formation!" Unable to attack, she immediately sent down a command in their team channel.</p>
    <p>The Shu sisters didn't really understand why they should, but they followed their captain's orders. The two Sharpshooters switched fire back to Windward Formation, but where was he positioned at? The two weren't able to accurately grasp his location.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu felt a bad premonition in her heart. Although the Sharpshooters attacked fast, their coverage was small since they didn't have any AoE skills.</p>
    <p>"Scatter!" At this moment, she could only take precautionary measures. Windward Formation was most likely casting a spell such as Death's Door.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu's prediction was absolutely correct. At this moment, an evil aura condensed into Death's Door right in the center of Misty Rain's formation.</p>
    <p>The light screen from Dancing Rain's Hundred Blossoms style suddenly dimmed. Misty Rain's players could now see that inside this light screen, Lord Grim had his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella open, shielding Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>How did he suddenly get there? It had to be from some instant movement skill like Shadow Clone Technique. But the issue wasn't the process, but rather the result.</p>
    <p>Death's Door had been summoned, and it was now starting its work. Black tendrils extended out of the door, grabbing towards Misty Rain's five players.</p>
    <p>Yes, five!</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu's "Scatter!" had been too late. Everyone in Misty Rain was still inside Death's Door's range.</p>
    <p>Some were still closer than others though.</p>
    <p>Shu Keyi's Lower Your Head stepped back a few times and reached the safe zone. She was the farthest away, being able to escape from the Death's Door with just a few steps. The closest was Li Hua's Dark Forest. However, Ninjas had the most escape skills out of any class! Substitution Technique into Shadow Clone Technique into the Assassin's high speed dash, Shining Cut, Dark Forest was the second to escape.</p>
    <p>The remaining three were in a more difficult situation. Being farther away from the safe area than Shu Keyi, their characters weren't able to escape so quickly. All of them were running away and dodging for their lives!</p>
    <p>Interrupt Death's Door!</p>
    <p>This was the first thing that popped into Shu Keyi's mind. However, Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestation Umbrella being wide open like that was rather discouraging. Shu Keyi tried moving around to adjust Lower Your Head's attack angle, but unfortunately, this wasn't something that could be done in an instant. If she moved left, she would be blocked by the Half Moon Rock. If she moved right, she would be inside Death's Door's range, and she obviously couldn't force her way into there. And if she circled around, by the time she got into position, Death's Door would already be over.</p>
    <p>Helpless, Shu Keyi discovered that while she had escaped, there was nothing she could do.</p>
    <p>This...　</p>
    <p>This had to be planned!　</p>
    <p>Being able to escape so easily yet unable to attack Windward Formation, Shu Keyi felt like this wasn't luck. This was the enemy team fully utilizing the map and their skills to meticulously squeeze the amount of space available to maneuver.</p>
    <p>Li Hua, the second to escape from Death's Door, was in an even more awkward position. He wanted to hurry and break Windward Formation's spell, but he was suddenly in the same predicament as Shu Keyi.　　</p>
    <p>They could only watch as their teammates struggled to escape from Death's Door, while they seemed to be stuck in a crack, unable to move even a single step.</p>
    <p>Even if I can't interrupt him, I can't just do nothing!</p>
    <p>Li Hua's Dark Forest shot to the left and leapt onto Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>The Number One Ninja's ninjato skills were undoubtedly extremely high. Watching Dark Forest's agility, quickness, and fluidity was a sight to enjoy. The crowd couldn't help but wish that there was no top to reach.</p>
    <p>Happy wished for that too, but unfortunately, that wasn't reality. Dark Forest quickly scaled Half Moon Rock, heading towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Facing melee attacks, Dancing Rain could not forcefully take the hits like before. After all, she was a Launcher, a long-ranged class. If the harassment was enough to mess up her aim, then it was equivalent to her being suppressed.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng immediately used Aerial Fire, and Dancing Rain jumped off of Half Moon Rock. Li Hua didn't stop to rest. Dark Forest jumped in midair, attacking Dancing Rain with Flickering Pursuit. But just before he did this, he threw a Shuriken. His target, Windward Formation!</p>
    <p>Jumping over the Half Moon Rock, Li Hua found an angle at which he could avoid the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella's shield and directly attack Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>"Beautiful! Too beautiful!" the commentator, Pan Lin, yelled in admiration.</p>
    <p>"Yes, outstanding," Li Yibo followed up. Of course, he had to expound on it. "Happy's tactical formation is quite remarkable. The two who escaped from Death's Door were stuck between Half Moon Rock and Death's Door, unable to interrupt Windward Formation's cast. Unfortunately, they ignored a point. For Li Hua's Dark Forest, Half Moon Rock can't be considered a cover. Even though it required a bit more time, Li Hua was able to successfully break through!"</p>
    <p>"A brilliant play," Pan Lin continued to give praise.</p>
    <p>As the two praised, the Body Pathway Derangement struck Dancing Rain multiple times, and that Shuriken was more than enough. While it's true that Lord Grim could turn his umbrella around and block it, an opening at the front would appear, and the three escaping from Death's Door definitely wouldn't miss such an opportunity.</p>
    <p>Death's Door, interrupted!</p>
    <p>Fortunately, this was Happy's home stadium. If not, the cheers and applause from the crowd would have shaken the stadium. The commentators, Pan Lin and Li Yibo, continued to praise Li Hua. As for Li Hua, he discovered that below, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim was running back, waiting for him. Soft Mist, who was hiding behind Half Moon Rock, suddenly charged out, not towards his Dark Forest, but away from the Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>Li Hua turned around. To Dark Forest's back was Half Moon Rock. He was completely cut off. He had no idea what the situation behind him was.</p>
    <p>Li Hua was startled. Seeing Lord Grim, who had been ready for him, he realized that he had made a mistake.　</p>
    <p>He had been lured away from his team, and with how the enemy team was prepared for him, they didn't seem to be planning on letting him go back so easily.</p>
    <p>This was the enemy team's true goal.</p>
    <p>Li Hua understood now. He knew that the effect of him leaving the group was extremely large. Misty Rain's tactics revolved around him. Their team composition consisted of mainly long-ranged classes. Without him filling in the gap, their tactics were useless.　</p>
    <p>Shit...</p>
    <p>Li Hua looked at Lord Grim, who didn't wait for Dark Forest to land before starting his attacks.</p>
    <p>I have to hurry up and get away. Li Hua thought to himself. Then, he heard a crackle as Dark Forest was suddenly lit on fire.　　</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire?</p>
    <p>Li Hua watched in astonishment as his skill icons turned gray.</p>
    <p>He hadn't seen any indication of the fire. This meant that the other side had precisely calculated Dark Forest's fall speed. The instant Sacred Fire burned, Dark Forest would land directly into it.</p>
    <p>What type of calculative ability and mastery of timing is this?</p>
    <p>Li Hua turned his gaze toward the rear of Half Moon Rock at the Cleric, who had always been viewed as weak.</p>
  </body>
</html>
