<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1299: Challenging His Limits</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1299: Challenging His Limits</h1>
    <p>Deception only had 14% health remaining. One Autumn Leaf had started the fight with 72% health, yet those comparing the matchup on paper would still think Mo Fan would be less likely to win.</p>
    <p>Even so, Mo Fan won, and his victory astonished many.　　</p>
    <p>Because Sun Xiang truly was strong. He had sunken to the Challenger League for the season and ended up losing that to Happy, but the champion team Samsara still wanted him, showing a deep-rooted recognition of his skill. Two seasons of failure hadn't affected people's evaluation of him.</p>
    <p>For such a player, despite starting the fight with only 72% health, most would favor him in a match against a rookie.　</p>
    <p>His opponent Mo Fan was astonishingly valiant. He went equal with Su Xiang in multiple direct confrontations, which left a deep impression on the viewers.</p>
    <p>In the end, Sun Xiang unexpectedly lost the fight.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang walked down slowly from the stage.</p>
    <p>In the past, if he lost against a rookie, he would feel ashamed and fly into a rage. However, the current him didn't have an expression of anger, although he obviously wasn't happy either. He raised his head, looking at the replay on the big screens. He pondered as he watched.</p>
    <p>"Nice job!" When he returned to Samsara's bench, his teammates welcomed him back. Losing to Mo Fan was a bit surprising, but if you looked at the outcome, Sun Xiang had nearly completed a 1v2. Mo Fan's Deception only had 14% health left. In the group arena, this sort of performance was splendid.</p>
    <p>"That Mo Fan…" Sun Xiang felt like he should have grasped something, but he was drawing a blank right now.　　</p>
    <p>"We can slowly figure it out when we go back and review the match!" Jiang Botao patted him. He could see that Sun Xiang seemed somewhat troubled by the match.</p>
    <p>"Okay, it's finally my turn." Du Ming got up excitedly.</p>
    <p>He was a player who yearned for competition. Before Sun Xiang transferred to Samsara, he had appeared on stage very often. But when Sun Xiang joined, Sun Xiang took up a spot on the main roster, and Du Ming's position instantly fell.　</p>
    <p>Saying that he wasn't sad about it would be false, but Sun Xiang's skill was truly there. His addition improved Samsara's strength even further. Du Ming couldn't ask the team to reject an upgrade, so he could only accept it.</p>
    <p>Du Ming had his own plans for his future, and he hoped for more opportunities on the stage. But he was still a part of Samsara, and his resolve in Samsara hadn't been shaken! Winning three championships in a row with his teammates of many years and then leaving for his own selfish fights would be the most beautiful outcome.</p>
    <p>As a result, even though his position was on the fringe, Du Ming worked even harder.</p>
    <p>No one in a championship team had weaklings! Du Ming had plans on leaving Samsara, but his pride and arrogance as a part of Samsara had not lessened.</p>
    <p>"Good luck!" His teammates yelled to Du Ming.</p>
    <p>"Relax!" Du Ming waved carefreely to his teammates behind him like a cool person.</p>
    <p>"Fuck, he's acting like he's our team's biggest trump card," Wu Qi cursed, "Captain, I'm not the type of person to pick fights, but I wouldn't be able to bear it if I were you."</p>
    <p>"Haha," Zhou Zekai chuckled.</p>
    <p>Du Ming walked onto the stage, into the player booth, and his character loaded into the map.</p>
    <p>Blade Master, Moon-Luring Frost.</p>
    <p>Whoosh whoosh. As soon as he loaded into the map, Du Ming's Moon-Luring Frost immediately drew his sword, displaying his impatience.</p>
    <p>"COME!" He shouted in the chat.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan obviously didn't respond and quietly ran over.　　</p>
    <p>Du Ming didn't move strategically either. After Moon-Luring Frost slashed his sword a few times, he headed straight for the center too.</p>
    <p>Like last round, the two characters practically saw each other at the same time.　</p>
    <p>Into the ditches?</p>
    <p>No, this time, neither side went into the ditches. The two characters came across each other, and then after a short pause, they started fighting.　　</p>
    <p>Shuriken!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan's Deception attacked first.　</p>
    <p>This low-level flying tool posed no threat Sun Xiang, and it was no different for Du Ming.</p>
    <p>Moon-Luring Frost raised his sword and swept it aside.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Du Ming started his offense just as fast as Sun Xiang. Sun Xiang had used Dragon Breaks the Ranks, while he used Triple Slash. His momentum might not be as powerful as Dragon Breaks the Ranks, but it was more nimble.　</p>
    <p>His sword led the way. Du Ming observed Mo Fan's reaction cautiously. He hadn't forgotten how fast Mo Fan had countered after Sun Xiang and him brushed past each other last match. Anyone who saw that scene couldn't help but pretend they were there, and feel their bodies drip with cold sweat at that reaction speed and mechanical skill. Du Ming had done the same and felt stunned. However, he still wanted to try it and see if he could do what others couldn't.　</p>
    <p>First slash, second slash...</p>
    <p>The first and second slash of Triple Slash came out, and Moon-Luring Frost rapidly closed in. However, Deception didn't move. He didn't meet it directly with an Shining Cut like last time.</p>
    <p>What is he planning? Du Ming muttered to himself. Triple Slash's third slash flew out, both an attack and a movement, towards Deception. At this moment, Du Min lowered his head. Mo Fan's usage of Underground Tunneling Technique had left a deep impression on him too. Du Ming didn't want to fall for this sort of trap.</p>
    <p>As soon as he lowered his head, he saw a glint of cold light from in front of him.</p>
    <p>Caltrops?</p>
    <p>When had he thrown these?　</p>
    <p>Du Ming was startled. He immediately had Moon-Luring Frost's third slash switched directions. Moon-Luring Frost moved horizontally and dodged these Caltrops.</p>
    <p>How dangerous!</p>
    <p>Du Ming yelled in his heart. Ninja Tools - Caltrops, a low-level skill. If an opponent stepped on it, it would harshly reduce the opponent's movement speed. And even though these Caltrops were thrown onto the ground, they weren't easy to see. If Du Ming hadn't looked down because he was wary of Underground Tunneling Technique, he would have certainly stepped onto the Caltrops.</p>
    <p>"You're quite cunning!" With the change in direction from Triple Slash, he didn't step on the Caltrops. Du Ming didn't distract himself despite the close call. His next move had already begun.</p>
    <p>Sword Draw!</p>
    <p>Sword qi flew out. With this as a cover, Moon-Luring Frost leaped up, Falling Phoenix Slash! He directly shot down from the sky, creating an arc in the air.</p>
    <p>Deception turned and ran.</p>
    <p>"Hey! You bastard!" Du Ming shouted. Against Sun Xiang, that punk had rushed forward and fought a few exchanges directly, but against him, he just ran away. What was that supposed to mean? I'm scarier than Sun Xiang? Du Ming didn't think so. He couldn't understand what Mo Fan was thinking.</p>
    <p>"Looks like Mo Fan's tired…" Happy's players saw through it.　</p>
    <p>In the previous fight, he had played explosively multiple times and played to his limit. Those were just the two plays at the beginning too. Afterwards, in order to win against Sun Xiang, Mo Fan had fought even harder at his limits. He had beaten Sun Xiang, but those who didn't understand him wouldn't know how hard he had worked for that win. Now, against Du Ming, he didn't fight like he had with Sun Xiang. It wasn't that he didn't want to, but he couldn't. His energy didn't let him reach that crazy concentrated state.</p>
    <p>"This punk, with that in him, we should put him in the individual competition more!" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>Just when they were commenting on him, Mo Fan suddenly erupted!</p>
    <p>Combo. Another invincible combo. Except this time, the first sneak hadn't been executed too well, and Du Ming was able to respond. However, Mo Fan didn't let up, the second, third attack… he attacked as if he were comboing and then finally on the fourth strike, he was able to break Du Ming's defenses.</p>
    <p>Annihilation!</p>
    <p>For the fifth strike, Deception actually used Annihilation. This low-level knock-up skill was never a finishing move for a combo. This could only mean that Mo Fan had no plans on stopping his combo.　　</p>
    <p>"Is he crazy!" Wei Chen yelled out in amazement.</p>
    <p>They thought Mo Fan was tired already, but he once again showed up with his three axes. On the fifth strike, which should have been the limit, he didn't stop but continued.</p>
    <p>Flame Cut!</p>
    <p>A blaze followed along the blade's path. Following Annihilation, this attack struck Moon-Luring Frost. The sixth strike was linked very precisely as well.</p>
    <p>Then, Underground Tunneling Technique! Deception sprinted forward, but...　</p>
    <p>"Too slow," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Yes, the seventh strike was too slow. After being set ablaze by Flame Cut, Moon-Luring Frost made a move.</p>
    <p>Falling Blossom Form!</p>
    <p>It was faster than Deception's Underground Tunneling Technique. The swordpoint stabbed into Deception's back, and blood spurted out. Deception crashed to the ground.</p>
    <p>The damage dealt by the Blade Master's four Level 75 skills weren't too terrifying, but the other areas were increased further.</p>
    <p>A forced knock-down, Falling Blossom Form.</p>
    <p>Maxed attack speed, Meteor Form.</p>
    <p>High priority, Piercing Wind Form.</p>
    <p>Sword qi that can pull the target, Curving Wind Form.</p>
    <p>Falling Blossom Form just looked like a careless attack, but Deception had been knocked to the ground.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>Moon-Luring Frost attacked again from the air towards Deception.</p>
    <p>This combo was fast and without any openings. Deception, who had just crashed to the ground, could do nothing.</p>
    <p>But afterwards, Deception rolled up and tried to dodge Feather Scar's control.</p>
    <p>Lunge!</p>
    <p>Sword light chased after Deception.</p>
    <p>Pu! Deception poofed into smoke, turning into a strawman.</p>
    <p>"Fuck!" Du Ming cursed angrily. Ninjas had more escape skills than other classes. What was usually a combo would be easily dispelled in front of Ninjas.</p>
    <p>Du Ming had Moon-Luring Frost turn around in search of Deception's whereabouts.</p>
    <p>The earth underneath him loosened.</p>
    <p>Underground Tunneling Technique!</p>
    <p>At the crucial moment, an opening appeared on Du Ming. Just like how Underground Tunneling Technique had struck One Autumn Leaf, it struck Moon-Luring Frost squarely. A combo once again began.</p>
    <p>"He…" Everyone in Happy was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>"He's… purposely attacking his own limits…" Ye Xiu could see it. Confuse the opponent? They had overanalyzed it. Mo Fan had been challenging his own limits the entire time.</p>
  </body>
</html>
