<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1301: Mistakes and Plays Going Beyond One’s Skill</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1301: Mistakes and Plays Going Beyond One’s Skill</h1>
    <p>Du Ming had been a bit too excited when he went onto the stage. The instant he went forward to make the first attack, he had still been wondering whether he should chat some more. But with Tang Rou's current skill level, how could it be so easy to deal with her? Tang Rou immediately saw a huge opening. A Circle Swing came out, and Du Ming's Moon-Luring Frost kneeled.</p>
    <p>Again!</p>
    <p>Du Ming's mind raced like galloping grass mud horses*. He had wanted to put on an eyecatching performance, but as soon as the fight began, his show was smashed apart. He had let such a huge opening appear and be taken advantage of. How could he show any face?</p>
    <p>Du Ming panicked and blurted out "I was careless".　　</p>
    <p>But this was a competition! Wasn't giving this sort of explanation to the opponent even more shameful than being beaten down? Luckily, besides Samsara's players, no one else thought that. The viewers thought Du Ming was saying these words to his teammates, explaining to them the reason for his mistake.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou saw Du Ming's shout, but why would she care? While Du Ming's Moon-Luring Frost hastily got back up, Soft Mist's spear whistled towards him, once again putting Du Ming into a panic.</p>
    <p>To put it simply, Du Ming looked excited, but his excitement wasn't excitement for the match. It was excitement for meeting Tang Rou again in a match. As a result, he wasn't actually in a competitor's mentality. His performance wasn't as stable as when he had fought against Mo Fan previously. He kneeled as soon as the fight started, and then Tang Rou's crazy offensive instantly took out 20% of his health.　</p>
    <p>Too shameful!</p>
    <p>Two years ago, he could have said that he had been caught off guard facing a normal player and had been too careless, but this time? If he lost again, wouldn't that indicate how incompetent he was?　</p>
    <p>I CAN'T LOSE!!</p>
    <p>Du Ming shouted in his heart. After Soft Mist's combo ended, he immediately launched a counterattack.　　</p>
    <p>"Isn't Du Ming being too impatient?" Even Pan Lin instantly saw the issue. Tang Rou's combo had ended, but the situation hadn't reset back to zero. She still held the initiative. The combo had finished, but her offense hadn't ended yet. Her attacks were linked very closely together, yet Du Ming unexpectedly wanted to counterattack despite these circumstances. It just wasn't a good decision. Sure enough, Du Ming only just started his counterattack before Tang Rou's follow-up attacks smashed it apart, and another combo started.</p>
    <p>"This Du Ming… At the All-Stars Weekend two years ago, he hadn't just lost to a normal player, but Tang Rou, who had only just started playing the game. He lost a lot of face there! It looks like he wants to redeem himself. Holding these thoughts, it's no surprise he's in a rush. I hope he can quickly calm himself down." Li Yibo was quite confident with his analysis this time because there was no other explanation he could think of. If he knew that Du Ming's train wreck of a performance stemmed from his crush on Tang Rou, his mind would also be racing like galloping grass mud horses.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist started another combo. The damage from this combo was even higher than the last. Moon-Luring Frost lost 23% of his health. He only had 48% health remaining now, not even half. As for Tang Rou's Soft Mist? Because she had traded blows at the start, she only lost 4% of her health from this exchange, which was already lower than usual. All of this was because of Du Ming's unusually poor playing.</p>
    <p>"Damn, this is the pace to a blowout!" Samsara's players had been joking around in the beginning, but now, their tone was more serious.</p>
    <p>They knew about Du Ming's thoughts, so they could understand why he hadn't been able to contain his excitement at the start of the match, but he still hadn't adjusted his mindset. This wasn't right. As a pro player, personal feelings should not be affecting your playing to such an extent. If he really lost in such a manner, the team would need to give him a harsh reprimandment.　</p>
    <p>Samsara's players stopped their banter. Their eyes were focused on the match.　</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>After two combos, his character was not even at half health, while his opponent had only lost 4%.</p>
    <p>What am I doing?　　</p>
    <p>Du Ming asked himself honestly.　　</p>
    <p>I might have been waiting this match for a long time, but haven't I been too negligent? This was a competition.</p>
    <p>When competing, I should be going in with a steady mindset. Getting too excited or getting too indifferent is no good, and Team Samsara is the best in the Alliance at this point. Despite having won two championships already, we've always kept our calm, never arrogant in victory and never hateful in defeat.</p>
    <p>I haven't won or lost, yet I've become a complete mess just because I'm meeting a girl I like?</p>
    <p>Yes, a complete mess!　</p>
    <p>No one was more clear than him just how terrible he had been playing. He could lose, but not like this!</p>
    <p>Come!</p>
    <p>Tang Rou didn't try to understand Du Ming's mindset and started off with two combos. Her combos were smooth and successful. She obviously didn't plan on stopping here. Her third wave of attacks instantly arrived.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Du Ming's Moon-Luring Frost suddenly dashed out at an unexpected moment.　　</p>
    <p>"Du Ming is really being too impatient!" Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo was just about to add to these words, but the match progressed extremely fast. Moon-Luring Frost looked like he was just about to crash into Soft Mist's attack, but instead just barely dodged it.</p>
    <p>It had been an extremely narrow dodge.</p>
    <p>Was it a coincidence? Or had Du Ming suddenly become precise?</p>
    <p>Du Ming quickly told everyone the answer. The instant he brushed past the attack, the second slash came out. When he dodged the attack, his sword struck Soft Mist, and his Moon-Luring Frost moved horizontally, using the second slash to circle around Soft Mist. The third slash followed closely afterwards, and the instant it hit, Moon-Luring Frost was behind Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>Everyone was dumbstruck, including the players on both teams. Du Ming's sudden burst had been completely outside everyone's expectations. His play had been extremely fast and precise.</p>
    <p>Fast wasn't difficult for an overly excited Du Ming, and it was precisely because of that extraordinary speed that Samsara's players felt like he had exceeded his skill level.</p>
    <p>But with speed, Du Ming lost precision. Because although he was excited, his mindset wasn't in the right place. His attention wasn't on the match. Without any focus, how could he be precise? As a result, Du Ming might have been fast, but he was also imprecise. It was how Soft Mist was able to instantly break through his attacks and complete two devastating combos.</p>
    <p>However, Du Ming had finally become focused again. This Triple Slash had been beyond his skill level, and for a moment, Tang Rou wasn't able to keep up with the sudden change in pace. Two of the three slashes had struck Soft Mist, and Moon-Luring Frost had also circled behind her. Du Ming's counterattack was truly resounding this time. A flurry of sword slashes along with increased damage from back attacks splattered blood across the air. Du Ming had the nickname "Berserk Blade Master" for a reason. The word "Berserk" showed precisely what his playstyle was like. And right now, he was going wild, an extremely precise wildness. A full combo landed on Soft Mist's back.</p>
    <p>31%.</p>
    <p>This was the total damage dealt by Du Ming's combo. It was far higher than anything Tang Rou had done. One reason was because Du Ming's combo had been from the back. Another reason was because Soft Mist's equipment was still a little bit lacking compared to Moon-Luring Frost's.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist's health instantly plummeted to 65%. As for Moon-Luring Frost? After completing his combo, he hadn't received any damage. All of Tang Rou's attempts at resisting had been blocked by him. Moon-Luring Frost's health was still at 48%.</p>
    <p>65% to 48%. The gap didn't seem that large anymore.</p>
    <p>This time, Du Ming did not show mercy to those had wronged him. He wasn't finished with just one combo and followed up with more attacks.</p>
    <p>Berserk Blade Master.</p>
    <p>Du Ming's style was actually very similar to Tang Rou's. He was good at fighting for the initiative, forcing fights, and violent attacks.　</p>
    <p>However, Tang Rou wasn't caught unprepared like last time. Her spear, Dancing Fire Flowing Flames, and Du Ming's lightsaber, Lingering Ice, clashed. Just from the name, it sounded like a battle of ice and fire. The glow given by the two weapons intertwined as if trying to devour the other.</p>
    <p>"The battle has only just begun!" This clash pulled the battle back to a point where neither side had the advantage. Du Ming had the time, so he immediately typed out a message. Apart from fighting each other in this match, he also hoped that they could have a bit of chat together.</p>
    <p>Of course, telling the other side "this is my true power" through these words was also a bit of selfishness on his part.</p>
    <p>"There's no saving him…" When they saw Du Ming back to his usual self, Samsara's players returned to their relaxed state. And seeing how that guy even felt the need to say a few words, they collectively put their hands to their foreheads.</p>
    <p>"Shouldn't he win the fight before spouting nonsense?" Samsara's players started discussing amongst themselves.</p>
    <p>"But if he wins, who will listen to his nonsense?"</p>
    <p>"It looks like he's got the guts to chase after her to Happy's side and worm his way into a relationship."</p>
    <p>"He sounds so pitiful. But if it's like this, can we feel relaxed putting him in the team competition?"　　</p>
    <p>"There's nothing we can do. The lineup is already locked in."</p>
    <p>"All five players are needed to win this match! What if his mind is too preoccupied with other things?"</p>
    <p>"He looks fine right now!"</p>
    <p>"He looks fine right now, but what about afterwards? He'll feel like he performed well in front of his goddess, and then he'll go crazy thinking he's in heaven, what then?"</p>
    <p>"That really might be a problem!"</p>
    <p>"Yes, we can't be careless. We'll have to shoulder his burden in the team competition!"</p>
    <p>"Hey hey...." At this moment, Wu Qi interrupted their discussion, "He isn't even playing in the team competition. I'm the sixth player!"</p>
  </body>
</html>
