<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1507 - Neither Side Willing to Take a Step</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1507 - Neither Side Willing to Take a Step</h1>
    <p>Sky Piercing Cannon!</p>
    <p>You could ignore the damage dealt by the skill, but you could not ignore its knockback. If you tanked the skill without Super Armor, you would certainly be sent flying.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun had Negative Nine Degrees dodge and counterattack simultaneously. But when he glanced behind him, his heart tightened.</p>
    <p>He had dodged Sky-Piercing Cannon, but the surging qi was now heading towards one of his allies.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Fang Rui’s harassment was shameless and dirty. If the attack onto Negative Nine Degrees missed, there was a fallback. It was very clear why he picked those two targets too.</p>
    <p>If he hit Negative Nine Degrees, he would reduce the pressure on Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Hitting Dazzling Hundred Blossoms would be even better. The Hundred Blossoms style was a hindrance towards both Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>“!” Qin Muyun didn’t know whether Zhang Jiale noticed it or not and quickly warned him. He didn’t have time to type any words.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale hadn’t noticed it, but Qin Muyun’s warning was prompt enough. Not just Zhang JIale, but Han Wenqing and Lin Jingyan dodged as soon as they saw the warning.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms flopped like a fish and rolled, dodging the Sky-Piercing Cannon.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun let out a sigh of relief. However, Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea had disappeared. He didn’t know where he would come out from next time. Qin Muyun started feeling nervous. This was his responsibility, but Fang Rui’s dirtiness was difficult for him to deal with.</p>
    <p>It took a long time for talents to grow. Compared to other rookies, he was more mature and rational. From the day he became part of Tyranny’s main roster, he knew that he would not be the lead role on stage. At that time, Team Tyranny had shined the brightest in all of Glory. Legendary names that would go down in Glory history had gathered togther in this team.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun became the fifth player alongside them.</p>
    <p>Other rookies might feel pressured under these circumstances, but Qin Muyun did not. He figured out his own role in the team. In this group filled with stars, he didn’t need to shine any brighter. Perhaps being put out of the spotlight would allow him to bring out more of his potential.</p>
    <p>As a result, Qin Muyun began his career as an invisible existence. For the rookies of this day and age, perhaps none of them would be happy about such a situation. They wanted to hurry and show everyone their talent, so that everyone would recognize their worth.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun was different.</p>
    <p>Just like this, he finished an entire season in the dark. His numbers weren’t spectacular, and he never made any highlight plays in the regular season. However, he was still a part of the main roster. No matter how invisible he may seem, Qin Muyun was confident in his own contributions to the team. His own value would not be neglected. Team Tyranny had Zhang Xinjie, who would never overlook anything. With this vice-captain, Qin Muyun could safely compete with his own style. He didn’t need to worry about whether the team would forget about him.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun succeeded.</p>
    <p>Even if he hadn’t received any attention for a long time, as part of the main roster for a season, just that fact alone was enough for people to no longer ignore him.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun continued to hide under the radiance of the Gods around him, but his existence was no longer ignored.</p>
    <p>As a result, his playstyle was no longer as suitable this season because their opponents were taking note of him. A player with a steady position in Tyranny’s main roster could not be neglected.</p>
    <p>The space that he had due to being ignored was gone. Qin Muyun had no choice but to adapt to the new circumstances.</p>
    <p>He could no longer hide. He needed to use his own abilities to make the Gods shine even brighter.</p>
    <p>His role was to patch up the gaps in the Holy Trinity.</p>
    <p>But facing Fang Rui, Qin Muyun was worried whether he would be able to complete this task. This master of playing dirty was too crafty. Although Lin Jingyan, whose used to be old partners with Fang Rui, had told him much of Fang Rui’s methods and habits, hihs class change made it difficult to rely on just these to keep up with Fang Rui. Tyranny’s heroes were incompatible with his dirtiness. They couldn’t keep up with Fang Rui’s thoughts.</p>
    <p>Where is he?</p>
    <p>Negative Nine Degrees kept looking. He had outstanding positioning and was good at finding potential trouble spots, but after his misplaced judgement of Fang Rui’s previous move, his confidence was starting to falter.</p>
    <p>“Don’t panic!” Zhang Xinjie’s message popped out in the chat. He could tell that Qin Muyun was nervous. Tyranny mainly consisted of experienced veterans. However, their one inexperienced player’s spirit had been disrupted by Fang Rui’s sneak attack.</p>
    <p>“I’m coming.” Another person typed.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder ran towards that area. The Holy Trinity formation had been temporarily disbanded. Han Wenqing and Zhang Jiale were enough to pressure Su Mucheng. When he saw that Qin Muyun was having trouble dealing with Ye Xiu and Fang Rui, he chose to stop what he was doing and help him. Fang Rui was undoubtedly a target that he was familiar with. Dark Thunder turned towards a certain direction.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Boundless Sea was in that direction. Fang Rui was helpless. His old partner knew him too well. Boundless Sea suppressed the rising qi that he had gathered and examined the situation again.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was observing the situation. It was the same for Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>Three of Happy’s players were visible. Su Mucheng had been isolated. Ye Xiu was trying to re-establish contact with her, while Fang Rui was trying to disrupt Tyranny’s tempo.</p>
    <p>There was no tactical coordination between any of them. Su Mucheng, Ye Xiu, and Fang Rui were doing their own thing. This clearly wasn’t the purpose for setting up an ambush.</p>
    <p>Had the ambush already been resolved?</p>
    <p>In that case, what about Luo Ji? An Wenyi?</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie didn’t neglect the potential hiding spots that they had ascertained, but there were no movements from there. The battle on this end had fully developed. There was no extra manpower to check those spots.</p>
    <p>Should we continue with our offensive?</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock had shifted towards this end. No large changes had occurred yet. However, Ye Xiu’s and Su Mucheng’s abilities weren’t just this. With Lin Jingyan shifting his attention to Fang Rui, the pressure onto them should have been greatly reduced. The deadlock should have been broken.</p>
    <p>It was true that Lin Jingyan was an effective answer for Fang Rui, but at the same time, Zhang Xinjie took another look at Happy.</p>
    <p>Happy still had two players who had not yet showed their faces, so the hidden dangers had not been completely eliminated. Fang Rui’s harassment gave Happy some space. He wanted to use this time to observe Happy’s movements and hopefully reveal all of Happy’s cards.</p>
    <p>With support from Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust was getting closer and closer to Dancing Rain. Even though he hadn’t launched any attacks yet, his push forward was far more threatening to Su Mucheng than Zhang Jiale’s attacks.</p>
    <p>If Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust was able to get close to her, the only outcome for her Launcher was death.</p>
    <p>Retreat, keep retreating.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng didn’t seem to have found a way to escape. She could only keep on retreating and maintaining a distance between them.</p>
    <p>As she retreated, Han Wenqing and Zhang Jiale advanced. Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock also had to follow his team.</p>
    <p>The entirety of Tyranny was being pulled deeper into the residential area. The players could already see numerous treehouses on top of the trees.</p>
    <p>They weren’t just following Dancing Rain blindly. The team maintained their formation. As Dancing Rain retreated deeper into the area, they had tried to surround Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim. But in the end, Ye Xiu was able to see through their intentions. Tyranny’s formation was still intact though. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim failed to reach Dancing Rain, but his presence made it such that Tyranny could not let out any openings. Lin Jingyan and Fang Rui were following along with the paces of their respective teams, keeping their opponent in check and moving.</p>
    <p>The atmosphere in the stadium was very strange.</p>
    <p>The two sides could take a step and change the situation, but neither of them did so.</p>
    <p>In the end, Tyranny didn’t open up their offensive, while Happy didn’t do everything they could to save Su Mucheng. Both sides seemed to be using 70% of their strength. The remaining 30% made the viewers feel extremely anxious.</p>
    <p>“The match is still in the observation stage!” Yu Wenzhou messaged Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>Previously, he had felt that Ye Xiu wanted to get a feel for Tyranny for the sake of the set win. But now, from the looks of it, Tyranny’s Zhang Xinjie also wanted to get a solid grasp on Happy before making his move.</p>
    <p>What is Happy planning?</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou was also puzzled. Unfortunately, even having an omniscient view of the battle didn’t help. The commentators could not see the problem either.</p>
    <p>Who would be the first to break the balance?</p>
    <p>This was the crucial question. Both sides wanted to react to their opponent’s actions. It depended on who would be more patient.</p>
    <p>However, from the current situation, even if Happy wanted to be patient, the situation might not let them.</p>
    <p>This was the terrifying part about Zhang Xinjie. His tactics were never dirty. He used oppressive strength to pressure the opponent to force the opponents into doing what he wanted. This tactical style had grown relying on Tyranny’s powerful offensive capabilities.</p>
    <p>“Is Happy not able to think of a solution?” Pan Lin cried out. For the people who weren’t able to see deep enough, Happy was at a disadvantage. Tyranny was forcing them back step by step. If Happy could not find a way to break through the situation, they would be forced into action.</p>
    <p>Come! Show me your cards!</p>
    <p>Happy’s plan couldn’t just be an ambush, right? Why bring a Summoner in this map?</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie was looking forward to what awaited him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
