<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1216: Dark Forest Rock Climbing</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1216: Dark Forest Rock Climbing</h1>
    <p>This Sacred Fire sealed all of Dark Forest's skills, while simultaneously gluing the mouths of Pan Lin and Li Yibo shut.</p>
    <p>Just a second ago, they had been wantonly praising Li Hua's brilliant play, and now the two suddenly stopped talking.　　</p>
    <p>If the two failed to realize Happy's tactical arrangements by now, the two weren't qualified to be professionals. Their awareness towards the situation was more sensitive than the vast majority of people, but they got it wrong and were now in a difficult position.</p>
    <p>The two looked at each other in the eye, too embarrassed to say anything.</p>
    <p>Li Hua might have been the key to victory, but… he was the key to Happy's victory, not Misty Rain's. He had fallen into Happy's trap.</p>
    <p>The effects of this trap quickly emerged.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou's Soft Mist entered the fray and charged towards Team Misty Rain. Wei Chen's Windward Formation didn't flee either, attacking from the sides. Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain bombarded them as well. These two were both using Screen Cannon tactics, coordinating with both sides, attacking here while also helping Ye Xiu over there.</p>
    <p>Without Li Hua, the rest of Team Misty Rain was thrown into disorder. Although the three long-ranged classes had fierce offensive prowess, facing Soft Mist's unwavering push, their formation was forced to scatter. Their teamwork was having trouble flowing.</p>
    <p>"The weaknesses in Misty Rain's tactics have been exposed…" Li Yibo began commentating. He directly jumped to the current situation as if his previous mistake in praising Li Hua weren't his words.　　</p>
    <p>"Yeah…" Pan Lin followed along with Li Yibo's pace.</p>
    <p>"Li Hua needs to hurry and get back to the others," Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"But he's being pressed hard by Ye Xiu," Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"Yes, he just lost to Ye Xiu in the individual competition. He doesn't have the mental advantage in a 1v1. What's more, Ye Xiu is also receiving assistance from Su Mucheng and Wei Chen," Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"However, Ninjas have the advantage, if they're only looking to escape," Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"That's true. However, since Happy had this planned out beforehand, then they should have countermeasures prepared. I think Ye Xiu is quite confident that he can force Li Hua to stay here," Li Yibo gradually started waving his banner towards Happy, stealthily reconstructing his image of having acute foresight.</p>
    <p>As the two spoke, the Sacred Fire on Dark Forest wore off, but it hadn't been very long since he escaped from Death's Door. The Assassin skill, Shining Cut, could be used again, but his other escape skills such as Substitution Technique and Shadow Clone Technique were still on cooldown, and Li Hua didn't know whether he had the time to wait for them to refresh.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's offensive was ferocious. Su Mucheng and Wei Chen would also help from time to time. In fact, most of their attention was focused on this side. They were only coordinating with Tang Rou to help harass and restrain the other side.</p>
    <p>I can't wait!</p>
    <p>Li Hua quickly came to a conclusion.　　</p>
    <p>Underground Tunneling Technique!</p>
    <p>Li Hua used this skill regardless of the timing. In response, Lord Grim jumped away and blasted the ground.</p>
    <p>Dark Forest tunneled to below Half Moon Rock. He had used this skill as an underground movement technique. Although the distance he moved wasn't far, it was enough for him to reach Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>Li Hua leaped up and stabbed his ninjato into the rock. Dark Forest began quickly scaling Half Moon rock.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang! Boom boom boom!　</p>
    <p>The gunfire behind him echoed. Lord Grim chased after him with long-ranged attacks, and Dancing Rain had shifted her attention over too.</p>
    <p>Li Hua could not just simply move upwards. His movements would be too predictable. As a result, Dark Forest leapt left and right on Half Moon Rock, adding in many irregular horizontal movements as he climbed to make it harder for the enemy side to catch him.</p>
    <p>Li Hua prayed that he played well. At this moment, Lord Grim dashed to below Half Moon Rock and jumped up.</p>
    <p>"Wah…"</p>
    <p>"Ooh.."</p>
    <p>"Woah…"</p>
    <p>The crowd made all sorts of astonished noises.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim leaped up and took out a knife… the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella also had a ninjato form. Their skilled climbing made the crowd curious: Li Hua or Ye Xiu, who was faster?</p>
    <p>In this situation, Ye Xiu was obviously faster because he had no obstructions. He could simply move upwards in a straight line. On the other hand, Li Hua needed to dodge attacks and add in horizontal movements. And because Dancing Rain's attacks were AoE, his horizontal movements had to be fairly large, further increasing the amount of distance Dark Forest needed to move.</p>
    <p>In practically the blink of an eye, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim reached Dark Forest's height.</p>
    <p>Li Hua's heart froze. Today, his heart kept freezing. His heart was going to be frozen stiff at this rate.</p>
    <p>He could only clench his teeth and persevere through. He started moving horizontally even more, but because he had to dodge Lord Grim, his movements were much easier to predict for Su Mucheng. As a result, Li Hua had no choice but to start making circular movements. He clearly wanted to get over Half Moon Rock as fast as possible, but in order to do so, he needed to climb downwards from time to time.</p>
    <p>Li Hua wanted to cry, but a short moment later, he suddenly realized that at this rate, he could just circle over the Half Moon Rock from the side...</p>
    <p>Being forced to do this was quite tragic, but it was a feasible solution!</p>
    <p>Li Hua continued to work hard at it. Suddenly, he heard a motor sound from behind him. He turned around to look and saw Lord Grim flying over with Rotor Wings.</p>
    <p>"Fuck!"</p>
    <p>The usually gentle and quiet Li Hua cursed loudly. He was truly under a lot of pressure.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim flew in front of him and stabbed a ninjato into the Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>Attack him!!!</p>
    <p>A loud voice called out to him in his heart. It wanted him to attack this nearby, irksome presence, but his reason stopped him.</p>
    <p>Go reunite with your teammates, an even stronger voice called out to him.</p>
    <p>It was like there was a devil and an angel in his mind scuffling**! But the winner was quickly decided.</p>
    <p>Dark Forest climbed up, but Lord Grim also leapt up, directly towards Dark Forest.</p>
    <p>Dark Forest spun around his ninjato, dodging Lord Grim. He stepped on his ninjato and was just about to jump up, when Lord Grim's umbrella turned into a spear. Lord Grim dropped down as his evil spear stabbed upwards...</p>
    <p>In the end, Dark Forest was unable to escape from the spear. All sorts of applause, laughs, and butt related words poured out from the crowd.</p>
    <p>Circle Swing!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim threw Dark Forest in a circle, smashing him into Half Moon Rock. Then, because of his position, Lord Grim stepped on Dark Forest, forcing him down as he moved up.</p>
    <p>"Does that do damage?" The crowd was curious to why Lord Grim stepped on him.　　</p>
    <p>"He's still attacking!" Someone discovered that as Lord Grim stepped on Dark Forest, he was also jabbing jabbing jabbing with his spear. His target was, of course, Dark Forest's head.</p>
    <p>Dark Forest dropped to the ground with a face covered in blood.</p>
    <p>Beaten up… Dark Forest failed to make it over the wall and was now being beat up violently. However, this tussle helped win him some time. Li Hua was now confident that he could wait for his escape skills to come off cooldown.</p>
    <p>The east side darkens, the west side brightens, close a door, another door opens, Li Hua heard comforting thoughts from his heart.</p>
    <p>Rock climbing really is a good way to stay alive! Li Hua thought to himself. He even wanted to climb some more, but Ye Xiu wasn't going to give him the same opportunity twice. This time, he attacked even tighter.</p>
    <p>Li Hua kept trying. Chu Yunxiu and the others obviously weren't going to wait for Li Hua and do nothing. They were also trying to rush over, but Soft Mist was standing in their way. It really was difficult for these long-ranged classes to break through. After several unsuccessful attempts, Chu Yunxiu decided to have everyone split up and take a roundabout route.</p>
    <p>The four from Misty Rain started spreading out and circled around Soft Mist. Tang Rou could only bite onto one person.</p>
    <p>However, Tang Rou didn't target anyone. Her Soft Mist suddenly retreated.</p>
    <p>"Not good…" Chu Yunxiu suddenly had a realization - she had made a mistake. By circling around, if they went too far away and Happy couldn't chase them, then...</p>
    <p>Too late. Soft Mist's retreat was a signal. When Misty Rain shrunk back, Happy didn't pressure them. They also withdrew and then focused their efforts onto Dark Forest.</p>
    <p>With Soft Mist returning, waving a spear in her hands, and Dancing Rain and Windward Formation pulling back to behind the Half Moon Rock, Li Hua's heart wasn't merely frozen. It was dead.</p>
    <p>So those were the enemy's original intentions… I was too naive!</p>
    <p>After wearing him down, they suddenly focused their attention onto him.</p>
    <p>Ninjas weren't high-health high-defense classes to begin with. Once Dark Forest was caught up in their wave of attacks, he was quickly washed away. Chu Yunxiu and the others were hurrying over, and at this moment, they had just gotten past the Half Moon Rock.</p>
    <p>Everything had been calculated perfectly.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim and Soft Mist, the two melee characters, cut straight into Misty Rain's ranks and picked off their healer.</p>
    <p>No matter how fierce the three ranged characters attacked, they had no way of forcing the two melee enemies apart. This was their weakness. Compared to melee classes, they lacked knockback and knockdown type skills.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Tang Rou ignored the attacks from the three ranged characters.</p>
    <p>This… they're planning on trading!</p>
    <p>Those with the knowledge could see it.</p>
    <p>Happy had the numbers advantage, so they planned on sacrificing one of their characters for Misty Rain's healer. When one side had the numbers advantage, it was difficult for the other side to do anything about this type of trade.</p>
    <p>Misty Rain was helpless...</p>
    <p>By the time their sixth player arrived, this trade had already been completed. Lord Grim and Misty Rain's healer died.</p>
    <p>Why Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>If a trade was being forced to happen, then Misty Rain would obviously choose to trade for the bigger threat. In the entire Alliance, all nineteen teams would most likely choose Lord Grim in this situation.</p>
    <p>But Happy's determination could be seen from this. If they were even willing to trade their strongest player, then they must be extremely confident towards what followed next.</p>
    <p>In the end, Team Happy won the team competition.</p>
    <p>10-0. Another 10-0. This was Happy's fourth 10-0 this season.</p>
    <p>This was an achievement for a top powerhouse. However, top powerhouses being 10-0ed by other teams was very illogical.</p>
    <p>Happy…</p>
  </body>
</html>
