<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1347: Sprint</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1347: Sprint</h1>
    <p>In  the group arena, Troubling Rain defeated Blossoming Chaos, giving the  victory to Blue Rain. In addition to the two points they had earned in  the individual competition, Blue Rain entered the team competition with a  4 to 1 lead.</p>
    <p>In the end, Blue Rain used their home advantage to  crush their opponents in the team competition, winning an impressive  victory of 9 to 1 against Hundred Blossoms. 　 In the same round, Happy  also managed a 9 to 1 victory against Seaside. Conquering Clouds was  crushed by 301 Degrees in their away home, not getting a single point  and losing 0 to 10. As for Wind Howl, 301 Degree’s most direct  competitor, they had managed to win against Misty Rain 8 to 2 on their  home turf, but their 2 point lead was eliminated by 301 Degrees. They  only managed to remain eighth thanks to their victorious battle against  301 Degrees.</p>
    <p>There were two matches that roused public interest  this round, Tiny Herb’s home game against Void and Tyranny’s home game  against Thunderclap.</p>
    <p>In the end, the two home teams ended the  match 8 to 2. Thunderclap’s team once again lost; this time to Tyranny’s  team. Something that was rather unexpected, however, was that Han  Wenqing, Zhang Jiale, Lin Jingyan and Zhang Xinjie, after a long time of  not fighting together, all appeared in the starting lineup this time.</p>
    <p>Was it a coincidence of their rotation?</p>
    <p>No  one would think that way. Team Tyranny had implemented this rotation  for Han Wenqing, Zhang Jiale and Lin Jingyan to switch off. With all  three of them present, Tyranny seemed to perform perfectly well, so what  was the point of the rotation?</p>
    <p>“Tyranny’s begun the sprint for  the playoffs.” With Team Happy, Ye Xiu merely glanced at the lineup  before making a conclusive judgement.</p>
    <p>In the past, Chen Guo would  probably ask why, but she didn’t need Ye Xiu to explain something like  this anymore, because she could read between the lines. In reality,  Happy also had such plans for Wei Chen, and Wei Chen’s situation was far  worse than Tyranny’s veterans.</p>
    <p>Veterans like them didn’t have  enough energy for the entire season, especially not with the fact that  there was an even more anticipated, even more intensive, even more  frequent playoffs after the regular season.</p>
    <p>Last season, Tyranny was ever so impressive, but lost at the finals.</p>
    <p>Perhaps  they had felt their efforts taking a toll on them ages ago, holding on  only through their faith. Another match, just another match… Perhaps,  that was what they were chanting in their heads. Getting to the finals,  fighting three rounds against Samsara, they were holding on stubbornly  through sheer willpower. However, no matter how strong they were, their  energy would eventually be depleted. Under this exhaustion, they had met  their strongest rivals in the Alliance and Tyranny had fallen, and many  people could only think of what a shame that was.</p>
    <p>Thus, in the  new season, they had discarded their headstrong ways, not opening the  season very well. Everyone felt that it was such a shame; they sighed:  the spirit of these veterans were admirable, but what was the use in  this stubborn persistence?</p>
    <p>The voices cheering for Tyranny for the  championship slowly died out, but Tyranny didn’t care, continuing forth  like that. Their scores soon stabilized. Though they weren’t as  impressive as last season, there was no pressure for them to get into  the playoffs. Nonetheless, some people still felt it was a shame. They  longed for the time where the four kings lead Tyranny to victory  together, sweeping through the alliance with high-spirits.</p>
    <p>Yes, high-spirited, but they ended up losing the finals.</p>
    <p>But  this time, Tyranny wouldn’t act according these personal feelings  anymore. They fought steadily, stably. The veterans, including Han  Wenqing who hadn’t backed down in ten years, all began playing in  rotation. He was the team captain, after all – the soul of Tyranny.  Currently, there wasn’t a single team that had such a figure in such a  consistent rotation. It was rare that these people would even sit out  for a single match. Yet now, this was something that had happened to Han  Wenqing. The Han Wenqing that always pressed forth and never backed  down.</p>
    <p>Everything was for the championship.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny’s  members, after their loss last season, had clearly realized that they  could no longer fight freely and without restraint like the younger  generation. They had to preserve their strength. They needed enough  energy to face the playoffs, to face the finals. Thus, they stayed in  rotation this season, marching forth and keeping a low profile. The  three veterans had each played two thirds of what they had played last  season. They maintained their condition throughout the intense pro level  matches and didn’t deplete so much of their energy.</p>
    <p>And now, it  was Round 30 of the regular season. After this round, there would be  eight more rounds in the regular season before the even more intense  playoffs begun.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny’s low profile would end here. In the  match against Thunderclap, they revealed their fangs and claws. The  three veterans and Zhang Xinjie appeared in the starting line up  together, wiping out Thunderclap, who were using their team competitions  to make miracles this season. They were announcing their return,  announcing that they were prepared for the playoffs. They were going to  use the following eight matches to once again get completely used to  their team, to find the state they needed, because this was their true  pillar. This was weapon they wielded in this fight for the championship.  That was something they never doubted since they had formed this team  last season, this team had people had thought senile.</p>
    <p>“It’s time to start.”</p>
    <p>That was the simple and straightforward reply Han Wenqing gave in response to the reporter’s questions on their lineup.</p>
    <p>It was starting.</p>
    <p>All the teams were preparing.</p>
    <p>Those  who hadn’t secured their position would begin their final slaughter to  the top. Those who had already reached the door to the playoffs were all  adjusting their teams to get into the rhythm of the playoffs.</p>
    <p>Tyranny  had the three veterans fight together, and Happy also had Luo Ji and  Wei Chen find their optimal state through the following matches. As for  the teams that didn’t have much hope, they were beginning to change  their tactics, too, willing to try out new things. Each team, depending  on their own situations, would be adjusting to a different pace in these  last eight rounds.</p>
    <p>Often times, strange and unexpected situations  would result from the clashes of these differing rhythms. Some would be  at a disadvantage, others would be able to take advantage.</p>
    <p>Happy  was, unfortunately, one of those disadvantaged. In Round 31, they played  their away game against Misty Rain, and Happy somehow lost with a  shocking 1 to 9. Apart from the victory Ye Xiu gained in the first  individual round, they lost spectacularly until the end.</p>
    <p>If it was  last season’s Misty Rain, this score wouldn’t be too shocking, no  matter what team they had managed it against. However, Misty Rain’s  condition clearly wasn’t very good this season, and their strategic  structure had completely collapsed. But in this round, Misty Rain had  fought unrestrained and won a landslide victory against Happy.</p>
    <p>“Don’t  underestimate us!” Chu Yunxiu grinned, saying to Ye Xiu as they shook  hands after the match. 　 “We didn’t underestimate you, we just really  weren’t expecting it,” Ye Xiu said helplessly.</p>
    <p>The individual  rounds were acceptable. Happy had been prepared to lose points when they  sent up Luo Ji and Wei Chen. The thing was that in their team  competition this time, Misty Rain completely ignored the criticism from  both outside and inside the circle. This time, they were even crazier.  Chu Yunxiu took Shu Kexing and Shu Keyi, and the three ranged fighters  fought elegantly and without a care for a world. Li Hua’s Ninja didn’t  bother acting as a close ranged guerrilla tank anymore, instead running  around and launching sneak attacks. 　 Misty Rain had gone completely off  the rails, leaving Happy floundering to react, and swept a victory for  themselves.</p>
    <p>“How was it? Our strategy?” Chu Yunxiu was enthusiastically asking for Ye Xiu’s opinion.</p>
    <p>“Be happy about catching us off guard elsewhere. Stop shoving it in my face, would you?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Heheh,”  Chu Yunxiu didn’t mind this at all. It was clear she understood that  their performance had simply caught Happy off guard. If Happy had  prepared and dealt with this more carefully, Misty Rain’s strategy  wouldn’t be all that reliable. 　 “Good luck!”</p>
    <p>After Ye Xiu walked  past Chu Yunxiu, Su Mucheng came over and grasped Chu Yunxiu’s hand,  giving her words of encouragement, as if they had been the one to win  and not Misty Rain.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu naturally understood what Su  Mucheng was talking about. Her encouragement wasn’t about this match,  but Misty Rain’s overall situation.</p>
    <p>Faced with her good friend,  Chu Yunxiu didn’t bother with the triumphant demeanor she had worn in  front of Ye Xiu, shaking her head and giving a strained smile.</p>
    <p>“Let’s hang out after this!” Chu Yunxiu suggested.</p>
    <p>“Alright!”  Su Mucheng didn’t reject the offer. The two didn’t dawdle any longer.  After the players of each team finished giving each other their  post-match regards, they each returned to their prep rooms to prepare  for the post-match press conference.</p>
    <p>Misty Rain were the victors,  so their press conference was after Happy’s. The sudden victory was  exciting for the reports, and they enthusiastically tossed questions  about the playstyle Misty Rain had used this round as well as what they  thought about the playoffs.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu answered the questions one  by one. Their strategy was something the team had been figuring out and  researching. With the victory today, it seemed pretty good, so the team  would continue to look into it and hone themselves. As for the playoffs?  No one would know until the last moment, and Misty Rain wasn’t planning  on giving up.</p>
    <p>Watching the satisfied reporters, Chu Yunxiu could only sigh to herself. Was there really any hope for Misty Rain this season?</p>
    <p>After  the press conference, Misty Rain’s players bid each other goodbye. Chu  Yunxiu was the last to leave the prep room and she flipped open her  phone to a text from Su Mucheng: “Waiting at Exit E.”</p>
    <p>“Coming.”</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu replied before heading for Exit E.</p>
    <p>The  moment she stepped out from Exit E, Chu Yunxiu saw the somewhat blurred  but elegant figure of her friend in the night lightning. Next to her  was another, a fitful spot of red light fading and burning.</p>
    <p>The elegant figure waved at her and Chu Yunxiu quickly walked over.</p>
    <p>“How come you’re here, too?” Chu Yunxiu didn’t greet Su Mucheng, instead choosing to side eye the smoking Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“I  felt like the Great God Chu seemed after uncertain and was wondering if  she needed some advice from a helpful senior,” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Give me a cig!” Chu Yunxiu demanded.</p>
    <p>Ye  Xiu didn’t hesitate to take out a cigarette and hand it over and even  offered a flame. Chu Yunxiu accepted the cigarette and lit it smoothly.</p>
    <p>“Let’s go to the coffee shop over there!” Chu Yunxiu suggested after taking a puff from the cigarette.</p>
  </body>
</html>
