<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1559 -  Bait</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1559 -  Bait</h1>
    <p>Bang! Boom!</p>
    <p>A shot, and then an explosion.</p>
    <p>A Stinger fired into the air, exploding like a firework. Missiles rained down lighting up the canyon with flames. It wasn’t over yet. More artillery shells followed, creating shadows on the ground. The shadows grew larger and larger until the missiles exploded.</p>
    <p>In a short moment, the canyon was filled with rising spirals of smoke. Tyranny had five people, but at this height difference, only Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms could reach her. However, he wasn’t able to display his full potential because Spitfire attacks didn’t all have the same range. Bullets could reach farther, grenades closer. Only Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s bullets could reach the top of the canyon. He wasn’t able to throw his grenades up there. This sort of Spitfire could only display no more than a third of his true capabilities.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny didn’t panic.</p>
    <p>They had noticed the tall canyon walls to the side of them. They also hadn’t forgotten that Happy had Su Mucheng’s Launcher. If Happy had any ambushes set up, it would be the easiest to do it from up there, so Tyranny was most prepared for it. No communication was needed. Everyone knew what to do. First, they headed towards the canyon wall that Dancing Rain was situation on. The canyon wall wasn’t flat. As a result, if they were perpendicular to Dancing Rain, there would be numerous obstacles in the way of her attacks. Even so, Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms didn’t directly contest against Dancing Rain. Although he knew that his grenades couldn’t reach up there, he threw them anyways, shooting them in midair.</p>
    <p>Light blossomed in the air, creating a wall of light from above.</p>
    <p>“Nice!” Even Ye Xiu praised it.</p>
    <p>Even Ye Xiu could copy the Hundred Blossoms style pretty decently if he was given a Spitfire, but even he could tell that he wouldn’t be able to copy what Zhang Jiale had just done. After all, this was Zhang Jiale’s specialty. He had immersed himself in this playstyle for years. Certain techniques couldn’t be copied so easily.</p>
    <p>The uneven wall along with the light cover minimized Su Mucheng’s threat to them. The five stuck to the wall as they quickly rushed towards Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t rush over to welcome them. Lord Grim moved horizontally, sticking to the other side of the wall and shooting at them from afar.</p>
    <p>The viewers saw what he was doing and cursed. He was clearly bullying Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing and Song Qiying could only fight at close range. Lin Jingyan had a few mid-ranged attacks, but he couldn’t be considered a mid-ranged attacker. The majority of his attacks were at a close range. If the three of them wanted to attack Lord Grim, they would need to get closer to him, which would again make them easy targets for Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>As for long-ranged attackers, apart from Zhang Xinjie’s Cleric, there was Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. His Spitfire was a true long-ranged attackers, but at the moment, he was spraying light into the air to interfere with Dancing Rain’s attacks. How could he have time to attack Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s team competition starting line up usually had Qin Muyun or Bai Yanfei, so they wouldn’t be lacking a second long-ranged attacker. However, today, Song Qiying’s River Sunset was put in instead, and now, Ye Xiu was taking advantage of it.</p>
    <p>From the eyes of the spectators, Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng had control of Tyranny’s left, right, up, and down. Tyranny could do nothing, and it would likely spell misfortune for them. But in the end, nothing happened with Tyranny. So what if Lord Grim was on the other side of the wall? We’ll just ignore him and keep going.</p>
    <p>Ignore Lord Grim? The viewers forgot that was an option, but what would the outcome be?</p>
    <p>Lord Grim began attacking from afar relentlessly, starting with a Gatling Gun. The muzzle of the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella shook violently, firing a chain of bullets at Tyranny. The bullets hit the wall of the canyon, lifting a cloud of dust into the air. But so what? Dust didn’t deal damage to them. A bullet or two hitting them didn’t matter either. Tyranny’s advance didn’t slow down.</p>
    <p>Grenade!</p>
    <p>Anti-Tank Missiles!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had Lord Grim follow with heavier attacks. These attacks dealt AoE damage, dodging them wouldn’t be so easy. However, Tyranny didn’t consist of a bunch of normal tenth server players. Tyranny wouldn’t be overwhelmed so easily. They were very familiar with these attacks and dodged them without their formation breaking apart.</p>
    <p>The distance was still a bit far.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had noticed this point. In order to make things more difficult for Tyranny, Lord Grim moved a bit farther.</p>
    <p>Floating Bullet, Stun Bullet!</p>
    <p>This time, Lord Grim’s attacks had CC. Bang bang, the bullets flew.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>Both bullets landed.</p>
    <p>But none of the characters were knocked into the air or stunned. Desert Dust activated Reinforced Iron Bones and body blocked the bullets.</p>
    <p>Then, Lord Grim cast a few magic spells, but as long as the attacks had no CC, Tyranny ignored them completely. The damage dealt by an unspecialized’s low-level skills was insignificant.</p>
    <p>But drops of water could still pierce stone. Although the damage was low, they couldn’t keep ignoring it. The road wasn’t short!</p>
    <p>Tyranny was venturing into unknown territory, but the spectators knew that Ye Xiu and Tang Rou were luring Tyranny into the longest ravine on the map. Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng could control the left, right, above, and below for a long time. Just this alone would rack up quite a bit of damage onto Tyranny. Happy still had two attackers who hadn’t joined yet either!</p>
    <p>The crowd was having a hard time sitting still seeing Tyranny’s patience, especially the Tyranny fans. They felt like Tyranny was continuing with their plans because they didn’t know the map. However, if they continued like this, they would suffer greatly. It wouldn’t be worth it!</p>
    <p>Just when they were thinking this, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms suddenly shifted targets. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, he shot at Lord Grim. Desert Dust, River Sunset, and Dark Thunder, the three Fighters, rushed towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>What’s going on?</p>
    <p>What happened?</p>
    <p>Although the fans were feeling anxious about Tyranny, when they suddenly switched up the tempo, they still felt anxious. For them to have suddenly made a move, was it because an opportunity had appeared? What was it? Dancing Rain was still above them!</p>
    <p>“Hahaha, I know her a hundred times better than you guys!”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu left a message in the chat. At the same time, when Tyranny suddenly made their move, Lord Grim retreated, dodging Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s attacks. He leapt up, his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella transforming into a ninjato, as he scaled up the wall of the canyon.</p>
    <p>With just a few swings, Lord Grim was at a height where Han Wenqing and Song Qiying, who had the lowest range, could only grind their teeth. Lin Jingyan and Zhan Jiale, in particular, could still continue attacking. However, up above, although the cannonfire had weakened, it was concentrated on Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. With this harrassment, Zhang Jiale couldn’t focus his attention on Ye Xiu. And just dealing with a few mid-ranged attacks from a Brawler was nothing difficult for Ye Xiu. Lord Grim went up and down several times and then activated Rotor Wings to fly directly to the top.</p>
    <p>“My friends below, how are you all doing?” Ye Xiu was still taunting them.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was furious. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms fired at him fiercely, but Lord Grim simply shrunk his head back and dodged them all. Dancing Rain’s cannonfire seemed to weaken again. Tyranny immediately went back towards the canyon wall that she was on.</p>
    <p>Finally, the audience realized what had happened.</p>
    <p>Tyranny hadn’t made their move because they had lost their patience. They had found an opportunity, which came from Dancing Rain’s cooldowns!</p>
    <p>After a wave of attacks, a portion of her skills would go on cooldown. If you wanted to keep a steady DPS, you had to cycle your skills properly. PvE players, who played against bosses in-game, understood this well. However, PvP was different, because PvP was full of changes. While in PvE, it was often best to keep a steady damage output, but in PvP, it might be necessary to bursts of damage, especially in the team competition.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain had the high grounds and couldn’t be touched, so if Su Mucheng wanted to fight as if this were PvE, she could do so.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny’s players weren’t as easy to deal with as in-game bosses. Although they wouldn’t attack back, they had ways of defending against her attacks. Tyranny seemed to just be sticking close to the wall and keeping up a cover of light as they moved, but in reality, their overall movement restrained her offense to a certain extent. If she wanted to be a threat to them, she needed to go along with their pace.</p>
    <p>As such, she could not cycle through her skills perfectly. Her skill cooldowns would result in a decrease in her firepower. It was just a matter of time.</p>
    <p>Tyranny had grasped this point and seized this timing. However, Ye Xiu understood this even better than them.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim retreated, while Dancing Rain held back for her cooldowns to come back up. They weren’t big enough of a threat to suppress Tyranny, but they could still force them into a corner. As a result, once they suppressed Tyranny’s only long-ranged attacker, Lord Grim backed away.</p>
    <p>It seemed like an ordinary change in the battle, but it contained a deeper layer to it. The more skilled normal players could see that Dancing Rain had quite a lot of skills on cooldown, but they didn’t know that Tyranny had led it to this situation. They hadn’t simply been waiting for an opportunity, they had created it.</p>
    <p>It had been a good move, but Ye Xiu had broken it apart.</p>
    <p>“It’s finally my turn!” Fang Rui popped up in the chat. Happy’s next move was coming.</p>
  </body>
</html>
