<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 86 – Teaching the Noob</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 86 – Teaching the Noob</h1>
    <p>Ye Xiu led Seven Field’s group to Boneyard. Seven Fields, Sunset Clouds, Drifting Water were like Lord Grim, and were Level 21. With regards to the Level 23-26 Boneyard and its higher leveled monsters, they weren’t very confident.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was Level 23. The Boneyard had monsters at the same level as him, so he was already eager to try them out.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was obviously going to be coached by Ye Xiu. Although it couldn’t be said that Seven Fields and the others couldn’t improve, in such a desperate situation, only Steamed Bun Invasion could be counted on. After dispatching Seven Fields and the others to train, Ye Xiu began teaching Steamed Bun Invasion one on one.</p>
    <p>First, he had to explain to this guy his Brawler class.</p>
    <p>The Brawler class had mixed strengths. But in this Level 25 stage, it didn’t possess any AoE skills.</p>
    <p>A Level 1 Brawler could learn the same skill as every other class. A knock-up skill called “Uppercut”.</p>
    <p>At Level 5, it could learn the skill “Slap”. A Slap would sharply and clearly move others. It was the only aggro-related skill before the class change.</p>
    <p>The Level 10 skill Knee Attack struck the target with the user’s knee. However, it could only be considered a half-grab skill because it didn’t have a knock-down effect.</p>
    <p>Afterwards, the Level 15 skill Strangle could not be used behind the target. After locking onto the target’s throat, Strangle, like the Knee Attack, didn’t have a knock-down effect. At Level 20, after changing classes, the Brawler could learn the skill “Brick Buster”. However, hitting the back of the head to trigger the effect was a bit difficult. The mouse movement had to be quick and accurate.</p>
    <p>After that, there was the Level 20 skill: Sand Toss. Ye Xiu had already instructed Steamed Bun Invasion on this move.</p>
    <p>Brawlers could learn the skill “Apply Poison” at Level 25. It would apply poison to the user’s weapon. Afterwards, attacks could poison the target. However, this poison didn’t last. It was a one time additional damage that ignored defense. Currently, the Level 23 Steamed Bun Invasion couldn’t learn it, so Ye Xiu didn’t talk about it. Steamed Bun Invasion had already learned about different methods on how to use the above skills with normal attacks from his own experience. So Ye Xiu first instructed him on the hidden effects of all of these skills.</p>
    <p>For example, how “Slap” could hit twice.</p>
    <p>When “Knee Attack” was used as a back attack, it could knock back the target.</p>
    <p>When “Strangle” was used, the opponent would have his or her defense reduced by half.</p>
    <p>None of these things were written in the skill tooltip and could be considered hidden effects. While Steamed Bun Invasion was engrossed in the game, he didn’t check any guides, so he didn’t know.</p>
    <p>“If you don’t understand anything, why’d you pick this class?” Ye Xiu asked him. In the end, the guy told him that he just randomly learned skills when he was still unspecialized. And later, he felt that the Brawler’s Slap, Knee Attack, and Strangle were all commonly used attacks when he fought in the streets. So he immediately felt that this class was very moving. When he was moved to the extreme, he changed classes in satisfaction.</p>
    <p>This answer made Ye Xiu sweat a little, but he had already changed classes so there was nothing he could do. After instructing him hand to hand, Steamed Bun Invasion, who already possessed high hand speed, improved at lightning speed, playing extremely well.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was now only worried about one problem: with this guy’s passion for gaming and the fact that he was already two levels higher than him, this guy won’t reach Level 26 before he gets to Level 25 right?</p>
    <p>This problem was extremely serious. Ye Xiu felt that he had to talk about it with Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun? How long has it been since you last slept?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Huh? I’m not tired.” Steamed Bun Invasion was happily clearing and Slapping monsters.</p>
    <p>“You should probably rest! I found a few guides for you. They all talk about Brawlers. You can take a look at them.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh oh, I’ll look at them when I eat.” Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“Even if you keep leveling like this, you’re not going to be able to catch up to the big guild’s players. Those all have several people playing on one account, so they level every day without resting.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion showed his disdain: “That’s stupid.”</p>
    <p>“More people, more strength! So don’t try to compete with them by yourself. Relax and slowly level. The most important thing is that if you level so quickly, you’ll be Level 26 in a flash. How am I supposed to look for you so we can set a dungeon record together?” Ye Xiu finally said his main point.</p>
    <p>“Why not?” Steamed Bun Invasion really was too much of a noob. He didn’t even know how dungeon records worked.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu could only explain it to him. Afterwards, Steamed Bun Invasion couldn’t help but fall into confusion. He wanted to quickly level, but also wanted to set a new record and go up on TV…….</p>
    <p>Seven Fields and the others were summoned by Ye Xiu to be lobbyists for him and persuade Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>These three also did their utmost to explain to Steamed Bun Invasion that in Glory, levels were like floating clouds. Going up on TV, going up on the leaderboards were the most majestic goals in Glory.</p>
    <p>The pile of players bombarded him one after another. Finally, Steamed Bun Invasion reluctantly accepted: “Okay then. Then I’ll try to slow down. God, how many days do you need to level?”</p>
    <p>“I’ll be quick.” Ye Xiu said, “Oh right, don’t join a guild in these few days.”</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
    <p>Finally, he settled the matter with Steamed Bun Invasion. Ye Xiu let out a sigh. Dealing with this noob wasn’t easy. No matter how you said it, he wouldn’t listen to you, being a noob was also a type of strength.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion, who had a difficult time accepting that he had to level slower, couldn’t kill too many monsters. If he didn’t, he’d be bored. Killing too quickly wasn’t good, but killing too slowly was boring. For a moment, he didn’t what he should do, so he simply logged out of the game and looked at the guides Ye Xiu gathered for him.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked. And at long last, this guy stopped leveling. However, he himself had to hurry up. As a result, he partied with Seven Fields and the others and madly cleared monsters as if they were in a dungeon.</p>
    <p>They cleared so madly that the three players started feeling a little nauseous towards the Boneyard. Ye Xiu was still full of energy though. The other three couldn’t help but sigh with sorrow: “He really deserves to be called brother expert.”</p>
    <p>They trained in the Boneyard until the day came. The four players had all leveled to Level 22. Although Seven Fields and the others wanted to vomit, brother expert’s leading made leveling more efficient making the three of them a little reluctant to leave. However, on Ye Xiu’s side, it was time for him to change shifts, so he couldn’t continue playing at the reception desk.</p>
    <p>After hurriedly handing over the shift, he quickly rushed over to the smoking area to continue playing.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo woke up from her sleep. She looked out from the window and saw the nice weather.</p>
    <p>Stretching, she climbed out of her bed. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes and wanted to go to the bathroom. When she reached her bedroom door, she suddenly remembered that there was still a male living in these rooms. She couldn’t casually expose her body like she did before when it was just her and Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>Thinking of this, Chen Guo quickly fixed her pajamas. Whatever needed to be tied was tied. Whatever needed to be buttoned was buttoned. Only then did she leave the bedroom.</p>
    <p>After leaving the room, she looked to the side. Tang Rou’s room was completely open.</p>
    <p>Too careless! There’s a male living here too! If you didn’t close your door when you slept, who knew what a male’s lust could do. While thinking of this, Chen Guo did an experiment. She tested whether she could see Tang Rou’s bed from the door crack. In the end, she saw the bed, but she didn’t see anyone in it. Chen Guo stared blankly. She pushed opened the door. Tang Rou’s bed hadn’t been touched.</p>
    <p>She hadn’t slept all night!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was astonished. She immediately went towards Ye Xiu’s storage room. The door was also wide open. After a bit of hesitation, she decided to run in and look.</p>
    <p>No one here either!</p>
    <p>These two were lunatics!! Chen Guo foolishly looked towards the two empty rooms on her left and right.</p>
  </body>
</html>
