<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1446 -  Calculating Position</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1446 -  Calculating Position</h1>
    <p>Mo Fan was still expressionless, and he didn’t have any interaction with the others. But in the few minutes that had just passed, Ye Xiu was able to determine what Mo Fan’s plan had been on the battlefield.</p>
    <p>After being restricted by Eight Notes’ Ice Line, Mo Fan was still working hard and persevering.</p>
    <p>And behind this perseverance wasn’t just his searching for a chance to escape. With Mo Fan’s skill in this area, he probably already recognized that so long as the opponent didn’t make a mistake, his Deception would have a very difficult time breaking through that encirclement of spirits.</p>
    <p>His perseverance was his refusal to give in, but at the same time, it was prolonging the battle. And the goal of prolonging this battle was the same goal that Blue Rain had at the very beginning.</p>
    <p>Wearing down.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan wasn’t able to wear down the opponent’s health much, but through his perseverance, through the prolonging of the battle, he was able to wear down a significant portion of Eight Notes’ mana.</p>
    <p>The Summoner class was a mana-hungry class. Even in this seemingly perfect match, because of Mo Fan’s unflagging perseverance, he was still able to leave a hidden scar.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan couldn’t take advantage of this hidden scar. In a 1v1, under conditions like that, it was fairly unlikely that he could drag the battle out until Eight Notes ran out of mana and he could counterattack. But he still held on, all in order to help his next teammate.</p>
    <p>The solitary Mo Fan had always been alone; he had been at Happy for almost two years without really becoming anyone’s friend. But now in this match, in the group arena, in a situation where his own chances of success were already unlikely, he understood how to fulfill his greatest potential – for his upcoming teammates, achieve the greatest chance of victory.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn’t help but think of that one team match they had against Blue Rain, where he covered for Mo Fan’s retreat, but that guy turned around and came back to save him.</p>
    <p>By that point in that team battle, there wasn’t much suspense. No action would have had a major effect on the battle’s outcome. But for Happy, for Mo Fan himself, it had unusual meaning. His actions that day allowed Ye Xiu to see that Mo Fan was steadily growing to become a competent pro player, a pro player who was beginning to recognize the importance of teammates and teamwork. Mo Fan’s actions that day didn’t affect the battle’s outcome, but the fact that he now had this recognition would definitely prove valuable on the battlefield one day.</p>
    <p>And that day had arrived, the opponent once again Blue Rain. In this group arena, Mo Fan’s realization of the importance of team allowed him to finally move away from someone who was always pursuing individual endurance and victory. In a situation where he didn’t have much chance of winning on his own, he thought of how to best ensure the team’s overall victory.</p>
    <p>Lose the battle, win the war.</p>
    <p>This phrase was perhaps an excellent annotation for this match and Mo Fan’s future professional career.</p>
    <p>“Now it’s up to me!” Fang Rui stood up, holding out his fist toward Mo Fan. Mo Fan looked at him without reacting.</p>
    <p>“No passion at all!” Fang Rui grumbled, heading toward the stage. The stadium screen was already displaying Happy’s next player and character, and in the broadcast, Pan Lin and Li Yibo could discuss how they thought Fang Rui would perform in this next match.</p>
    <p>“Even though Li Yuan won beautifully, he’s exhausted himself quite a bit.” Li Yibo had also noticed that Eight Notes had used up a significant amount of mana.</p>
    <p>“Now, let’s see how Fang Rui will take advantage of that point,” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>Group arena, both sides were on their third player. Soon, the match began. Before either player moved, messages were exchanged.</p>
    <p>“Always guessing around is such a pain. Name a place and let’s meet up!” Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>“How about the central path!” Li Yuan said.</p>
    <p>“Alright,” Fang Rui answered, and Boundless Sea immediately turned toward the left path.</p>
    <p>The crowd instantly booed.</p>
    <p>This was why it was very difficult for a player like Fang Rui to become the ace player of a team. This kind of action was sometimes shameful even for his own team’s fans, so there was really no way he could become the symbol of a team.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan’s Eight Notes had very honestly taken the central path. Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea, under the booing that he couldn’t hear, was very calmly taking the roundabout route.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan had also clearly realized that Eight Notes was rather low on mana, so he took a while before summoning a creature. He only released his first summon when he was right near the central path, letting it walk at the front before summoning two more to bolster the left and right. Evidently, he wasn’t naive enough to believe that Fang Rui would actually take the central path after saying he would.</p>
    <p>Finally, Li Yuan arrived at the very center of the map, where the two had agreed to meet.</p>
    <p>But where was Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea? The display screen switched point of view, and the entire Glory world was speechless.</p>
    <p>“Left… The upper left corner? Why is Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea heading over here?” Pan Lin exclaimed, shocked.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui’s roundabout travel here was roundabout to the very extreme. Boundless Sea was directly charging toward the very upper left corner of the map, and his current distance from Li Yuan’s Eight Notes was only growing.</p>
    <p>“This… Maybe he just wants to be a bit farther from the opponent, so they don’t meet too quickly…” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“…” Pan Lin instantly became speechless as well. Just during the last battle, he and Li Yibo had analyzed the disadvantages this map had for a Summoner.</p>
    <p>Because the field of view on this map wasn’t very large, if a Summoner waited until discovering the opponent to summon a creature, it might already be too late. So, a Summoner had to always have summons on hand, whether to protect or to investigate. Therefore, under these conditions, even though the two sides hadn’t met yet, the Summoner would continue to use up mana.</p>
    <p>So right now, Fang Rui was using the simplest and crudest method. Just hide far, far, away! You can’t find me, so just continue to waste your mana!</p>
    <p>This method capitalized upon the awkwardness a Summoner faced on this map. But for him to play dirty to this extent, it was really quite ugly to watch. The booing of the crowd now became much louder now than they had been with Fang Rui’s initial deception.</p>
    <p>“Where you at?” Li Yuan now asked in the chat.</p>
    <p>“Ready to ambush you at any moment,” Fang Rui said boldly, who was currently over half the map length away from Eight Notes.</p>
    <p>“Hiding away to waste my mana?” Li Yuan actually directly called out Fang Rui’s intention.</p>
    <p>“Haha, how could I.” Fang Rui refused to admit it.</p>
    <p>But even though he’d completely guessed Fang Rui’s intention, Li Yuan didn’t hesitate. He began summoning one after another, and instantly eight small summons were released, scattering outward in all directions.</p>
    <p>It was all very fast, very resolute, as though in a race against time. And when these summons spread out, everyone immediately realized that on the west side, the left side where Fang Rui had gone, there was a summon directly heading toward Boundless Sea’s position.</p>
    <p>“Based on the character’s movement speed, he predicted the most likely path. For this kind of decision, the faster it’s made, the better. If too much time passes, then there’s no way at all of judging where the opponent might have gone,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“Then based on that, maybe it would have been better if Fang Rui hadn’t moved at all at the start,” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“It seems that way, but he did move, and the distance he moved is within Li Yuan’s calculations,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>On an overhead view of the map, a line was drawn between Boundless Sea and that light-aligned summon, marking the place where they were likely to meet. Right now, both were steadily heading toward that point.</p>
    <p>“Li Yuan has made ample preparations on this map,” Li Yibo exclaimed.</p>
    <p>“There!” Pan Lin shouted. Boundless Sea and the Light Spirit weren’t battling yet, but the two had entered into each other’s sights.</p>
    <p>At this distance, Li Yuan himself could no longer see his own summon, but he could check its movements. If he received notification that his summon was attacking, then he knew without question that that was Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>But at this moment, the signal he received was stronger than that. This Little Light Spirit directly vanished.</p>
    <p>The summon’s time hadn’t expired. For it to simply vanish, that meant it was killed. Again, it could only be Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan immediately had Eight Notes to rush toward that direction, at the same time restarting his summoning. He replaced the four spirits that had headed toward the east, combining these four into two Big Spirits, and then adding four more Little Spirits, spreading out in a fan toward that direction.</p>
    <p>This dense forest map was rectangular in shape, longer in the north-south direction, narrow in the east-west. Searching horizontally already increased the chance of encounter, and with the current formation of Li Yuan’s summons, everyone could see that Boundless Sea’s position was restricted to a very small area.</p>
    <p>Watching this, Blue Rain’s audience felt very satisfied!</p>
    <p>You wanted to play around, so think you can play your way out of this?</p>
    <p>Seeing the opponent’s dirty play end bloodily was always fun to watch.</p>
    <p>But at this moment, Fang Rui suddenly stopped playing dirty. Boundless Sea was no longer continuing toward the upper left corner, and as though he was leading an army of a million soldiers, he charged straight toward the encirclement of summons.</p>
    <p>“Is he trying to forcefully attack his way through?” Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>But Li Yibo furrowed his brow. The rhythms of the battles on this map so far had all been fairly slow, which gave him more time to observe and analyze. Because of that, he had been commenting at a fairly high level today. At this time, carefully studying the movements of both sides, Li Yibo once again felt that something was off.</p>
    <p>They met!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea, who had voluntarily made his way toward the encirclement of summons, finally met them. But because the formation of his summons was so spread out, Eight Notes couldn’t have all of them in his view. That was to say, Li Yuan couldn’t personally control every single one of the summons in the encircling formation. And the summon that Boundless Sea crashed into now was one of the independently moving summons.</p>
    <p>Cloud Pushing Palm, Qi Bullet, Countercurrent…</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea never stopped moving, and with a series of booms, low-level skills came out one after another. This small summon was acting like an innocent bystander passing through, and was easily taken care of.</p>
    <p>“He broke through! And very easily, it looks like!” Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>“Yes… Li Yuan wasn’t the only one calculating the opponent’s position. Fang Rui was also anticipating, and then he guessed the surrounding formation he would use. Encirclements always surround a large area before shrinking to a smaller one. When the area’s large, the encircling members don’t have very close contact with each other, especially on a map like this. Fang Rui took advantage of this point and actively attacked, breaking through Li Yuan’s plan before the encirclement became an effective containment!” Li Yibo calmly explained what happened, but this time, he still overlooked a point.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea hadn’t simply escaped out of the encirclement. After killing the Little Spirit, he suddenly dashed in a slanting path.</p>
  </body>
</html>
