<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1456 -  What Type of Player Is She?</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1456 -  What Type of Player Is She?</h1>
    <p>This is!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian looked up. A Heat-Seeking Missile pierced through the fog from above.</p>
    <p>How?</p>
    <p>The Heat-Seeking Missile had come, but where was the heat source?</p>
    <p>Everyone looked at the scene and fell silent.</p>
    <p>Where was the heat source? From their omniscient view, it was clear as day. The heat source was next to Dancing Rain. The surface of the forest wasn’t flat. Dancing Signal had placed the signal in a small pit in the ground behind her. This skill had activated before the Anti-Tank Missiles. When Dancing Rain used the recoil from Anti-Tank Missiles to fly backwards, the signal couldn’t be seen from Huang Shaotian’s point of view.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>A small mushroom cloud bloomed in the forest. Compared to the thick smoke, the forest fog seemed thin and dreadful.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian had Troubling Rain run as soon as he heard the explosion. But the missile moved faster than he could. He had noticed the Heat-Seeking Missile too late, and it was no longer possible for him to dodge it. Troubling Rain only had time to take a single step before the missile landed in the pit near Troubling Rain. The rumbling mushroom cloud sent Troubling Rain into the air.</p>
    <p>6%!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain’s health instantly dropped by 6%.</p>
    <p>Launchers had terrifying firepower. And this had been after Huang Shaotian had Troubling Rain move away from the core of the explosion. If the full impact of the missile had hit him, he would have certainly lost more than 6%.</p>
    <p>Even so, just this 6% made Huang Shaotian’s heart ache. Troubling Rain had only started with 63% to begin with. He now only had 57%.</p>
    <p>“Dirty! When did you become so dirty!!” Huang Shaotian vented! Before Troubling Rain even landed back onto the ground, he sent a complaint to Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>His reply was another explosion from above.</p>
    <p>Stinger!</p>
    <p>The viewers had noticed it before Huang Shaotian. Dancing Rain hadn’t retreated too far using the Anti-Tank Missiles. Seeing the Heat-Seeking Missile hit, Su Mucheng wasn’t going to let this opportunity pass.</p>
    <p>The Stinger borrowed the smoke and dust as cover until it reached just above Troubling Rain’s head. As Troubling Rain fell, the Stinger split apart in the air. Countless stinger missiles descended, surrounding Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>“I already knew!”</p>
    <p>A message leapt out. Troubling Rain swung his Ice Rain, and his character shifted horizontally.</p>
    <p>Whoosh whoosh whoosh…</p>
    <p>The stinger missiles brushed past Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom boom…</p>
    <p>The stingers exploded but only acted as a backdrop for Troubling Rain. Under the light reflecting from the explosions, Troubling Rain walked towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Was Huang Shaotian intentionally slowing down the pace to make it more dramatic? Of course not. After noticing Su Mucheng’s craftiness, he didn’t dare rush forward too hastily. He slowed the pace to more carefully observe his surroundings.</p>
    <p>I have the advantage! Huang Shaotian was confident on this point. He stared at Dancing Rain’s weapon and saw a bright sparkle suddenly light up like a star.</p>
    <p>Laser Beam!</p>
    <p>The speed of light was incomparable, but Huang Shaotian had reacted before the attack came out. Troubling Rain started making irregular movements, swaying left and right as if he were drunk*.</p>
    <p>BIU. A Laser Beam tore through the air. Su Mucheng had tried to predict where he would move, but Huang Shaotian was swaying left and right without any logic behind his movements. Su Mucheng could only gamble and see whether she could get lucky enough to hit Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, the laser brushed past him and missed.</p>
    <p>Seven steps!</p>
    <p>The distance between Troubling Rain and Dancing Rain was even steps, a distance that a Launcher needed to retreat from.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>A missile was fired. It was only a normal attack.</p>
    <p>The attack was secondary. Su Mucheng was simply retreating with Aerial Cannon.</p>
    <p>Was it enough at seven steps away?</p>
    <p>Many couldn’t help but feel worried. Troubling Rain dashed through the explosion from the artillery shell.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn’t dodge and instead used Triple Slash. The first slash cut apart the missile. Although his character would take some damage, Huang Shaotian clearly didn’t care about it. He needed to stick close to her and establish his offensive tempo. The instant Su Mucheng chose to retreat, he launched his assault.</p>
    <p>All caution flew out the window. He was like a red-eyed gambler who would throw everything he had regardless of anything else.</p>
    <p>This was his style. When an opportunity came, he wouldn’t hesitate or hold back. He would do all that he could do to strike at his target.</p>
    <p>When it rains, it pours!</p>
    <p>Sword light!</p>
    <p>With a flicker, he reached Dancing Rain. Troubling Rain’s approach was faster than Dancing Rain’s retreat.</p>
    <p>Because he had actually used Triple Slash before Dancing Rain started to retreat. He had calculated the moment that Su Mucheng would have no choice but to run and use Aerial Cannon to do so. Triple Slash had been executed before that missile had been fired. This tiny difference helped Huang Shaotian win this decisive opportunity. He Triple Slashed through the missile directly towards Dancing Rain. Moving with Aerial Cannon was faster than moving along the ground, but there was a flaw. The movement speed wasn’t balanced, going from slow to fast, slow to fast. Triple Slash had closed the distance during the slower portion of Aerial Cannon movement.</p>
    <p>But just when the third slash of Triple Slash was used, the final angle wasn’t enough to strike Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>I need another attack!</p>
    <p>The attack would need to be fast because Dancing Rain would reach her fastest speed soon, which would pull apart the distance between them. The opportunity to attack would only last an instant.</p>
    <p>Opportunity! Instant!</p>
    <p>These words always made Huang Shaotian’s blood boil. He loved this feeling.</p>
    <p>Fast, he needed to be fast.</p>
    <p>Meteor Form!</p>
    <p>The Level 75 skill was the fastest Blade Master skill in their kit. The sword carried the user, and the user pushed the sword. A flash of blue light cut through the fog like a meteor.</p>
    <p>Pu! The sound could barely be heard as if there was no time for the sound to resound.</p>
    <p>Blood wrapped around the trace of blue light as if a long wound had been drawn across the sky.</p>
    <p>Swift and accurate!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain spun in the air from the sword’s momentum.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain turned around, ready to follow up. But the instant he turned, he saw Dancing Rain’s weapon in front of him.</p>
    <p>Opportunity! Instant!</p>
    <p>The same key words, but this time for Su Mucheng. The Meteor Form had knocked her spinning in the air, could she hit him?</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>During her first spin around, Su Mucheng attacked.</p>
    <p>The first rotation was the fastest, but also the moment when Huang Shaotian would be most off guard.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian saw the cannon flash and shoot out a missile at extremely close range. Launcher attacks had strong knockback, forcefully taking the powerful attack was not a good idea. It would destroy his tempo. Huang Shaotian did not take the blow. Having started with less health than her, he chose not to force his way through.</p>
    <p>Dodge, he could only dodge.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt that it was a pity, but he maintained his cool. He dared to take risks, but he still knew how to be patient. He only took risks that he could afford to take. And right now, taking the risk would reap him no benefit, so he waited.</p>
    <p>Move to the side!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian had Troubling Rain dodge to the side, but soon afterwards, he felt his heart tighten.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain had used Anti-Tank Missiles. Given her situation, accurately hitting a target from her position was already very difficult, yet the Anti-Tank Missiles fired were even lined up in a formation!</p>
    <p>By using the spin from Meteor Form, the three Anti-Tank Missiles were lined up in a row, left, middle, and right, blocking off all of Troublin Rain’s escape options.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain was engulfed in a fiery explosion. Huang Shaotian instinctively dodged, not thinking that Su Mucheng could utilize the spin from Meteor Form. By the time he realized it, it was too late.</p>
    <p>“Amazing!” Pan Lin sighed.</p>
    <p>On the other hand, Li Yibo was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>It had taken him quite a while to figure out how the Anti-Tank Missiles had hit. If the previous Heat-Seeking Missile was a dirty play exploiting the terrain, then this attack was a display of sharp precision and control.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng…</p>
    <p>How should she be evaluated?</p>
    <p>When she joined the Alliance, she had joined the number one team and stood as the partner of the number one player in Glory. No one started higher than she did.</p>
    <p>But afterwards, their team never took home another championship trophy.</p>
    <p>Because of her beauty, she always remained a popular player. But because of her beauty, there was always controversy surrounding her.</p>
    <p>For a lot of players, if they were surrounded by so much controversy, they would probably want to prove themselves as soon as possible, no?</p>
    <p>But she never did. She continued to play as a supporting character in Excellent Era. She was never impatient to make any stunning plays.</p>
    <p>Was Su Mucheng reliable or not?</p>
    <p>It was difficult to give a clear answer.</p>
    <p>You could say she wasn’t reliable, but she always performed solidly.</p>
    <p>You could say she was reliable, but it always felt like she was lacking something.</p>
    <p>Everything about her seemed to be consistent but never outstanding. When she played, what are her thoughts? Li Yibo was suddenly very curious.</p>
  </body>
</html>
