<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 421 – Deceptively Powerful Enemy</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 421 – Deceptively Powerful Enemy</h1>
    <p>Loulan Slash and his group didn’t move very far before starting a fierce discussion.</p>
    <p>“Is that guy really God Ye Qiu?” This issue had to be made clear first. The Battle Mage and fan of Ye Xiu among the five of them brought up the topic impatiently.</p>
    <p>“We can’t be certain at this moment! But if he really is God Ye Qiu, then the gossip being talked about by everyone would make a lot of sense. Completing the Heavenly Domain Challenge at Level 50, possessing a Silver weapon, no Clubs recruiting him. If he really is Ye Qiu, that would all be very reasonable, no?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“That’s true……” Another player said, “Especially the fact that no Clubs are recruiting him. I think that proves his identity. With so much commotion around such a talent, even if he’s not genuinely talented, the Clubs could still pull him in and test him. It would pretty much be taking in him in, but at the very least, even if he’s not good, he’d attract a lot of attention in a short amount of time. That would be an amazing opportunity for any Club! Yet no Clubs did things like this. There’s no way the Clubs hadn’t thought of this, which mean that they were being restricted by something. Ye Qiu…… if it really is him, then there’s nothing they can do.”</p>
    <p>“If he really is Ye Qiu, his retirement will last at least a full year, which means at the earliest, he could return during the winter split. If they wanted to add him to the team, they would have to wait until then before giving him any consideration.” Another player added.</p>
    <p>“You guys have already given it that much thought?” The fourth player laughed, “We still can’t confirm it and even if we could, didn’t you hear the girl? She’s already Ye Qiu’s boss. Ye Qiu also admitted it. It looks like he’s already found a partner to work with.”</p>
    <p>“That girl……. I felt like her words weren’t very convincing. My guess is that she’s still not too confident about this cooperation! She wasn’t as calm as Ye Qiu.” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Then what do we do now?”</p>
    <p>“Continue doing what we’re doing. As for that guy over there…… Little Bei, pay attention to him, okay? I feel like you’d be quite interested in doing that!” Loulan Slash laughed.</p>
    <p>“Let me! Let me!” Little Bei was that Battle Mage. As a fan of Ye Qiu, interacting with him would be something he was happy to do.</p>
    <p>After sending off Loulan Slash, Ye Xiu continued to level. No one talked about what had just happened. Chen Guo wasn’t feeling very calm though.</p>
    <p>Even though Ye Xiu had personally acknowledged that she was his boss, what about herself? After discovering that there were these types of competitors out there, she was beginning to hesitate. Loulan Slash’s judgement of her was correct. The current Chen Guo wasn’t feeling very confident…….</p>
    <p>She already realized that with Ye Xiu’s skill and position and her small amount of capital, she might not be able to help too much. It could even be said that she would be restricting his development. In the Glory Pro Alliance, every year, the two lowest ranked teams would be kicked, which meant that every year, there could be up to two teams that would be replaced. As a result, there were plenty of people who invested in a team hoping that it would enter the Pro Alliance. Chen Guo was certain that these investors had much more money than she did.</p>
    <p>With Ye Xiu’s skill and status, if he had an offer, who would refuse it? But what about her? What type of capital she could afford wasn’t something others knew. She didn’t even know herself. When the time came, she might not even be able to afford the transfer of another pro player. As an owner, being that poor would be a joke. With an investor like her, could she actually help Ye Xiu achieve his dreams?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo discovered that she hadn’t been mature enough when she had made the decision on a whim.</p>
    <p>Leaving Excellent Dynasty was a small matter.</p>
    <p>Not watching Excellen Era’s matches was a small matter.</p>
    <p>But wasn’t she overestimating herself saying that she would create a team that would beat Excellent Era?</p>
    <p>“What are you thinking about? Please concentrate a bit more!”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo woke up with a start. She looked at her screen and saw that Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had moved past her and grabbed a small monster next to her. Launchers were long-ranged attackers. Having a monster so close to her while fighting and not reacting meant that her mind had gone wandering away.</p>
    <p>“Oh, I wasn’t paying attention.” Chen Guo gave an excuse.</p>
    <p>“Are you thinking about that guy from before?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“A bit.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“What were you thinking of?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I was thinking…… that if we’re going to create a team, then our resources are a bit scarce. Seeking for some cooperation with others might not be a bad idea.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Mm, it’s not a bad idea, but there’s one problem with it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What’s the problem?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“We’re not familiar with them.” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“We just met. Of course, we’re not familiar with them.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“That’s why they added us as friends. Them saying that they would contact us later was because they’re not familiar with us either.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Talk with them a bit and we’ll be familiar…….” Chen Guo said, but she also felt a bit grieved. She really wanted to rely on her own power to help Ye Xiu create a team, but she also felt like she wouldn’t be able to accomplish it with only herself. Did they really need to borrow other people’s help? Chen Guo was very conflicted.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was sitting next to the two of them. She wasn’t in the same place as them, so she hadn’t heard their conversation with Loulan Slash. They hadn’t said much, but she had noticed a few subtleties in their words. Tang Rou wouldn’t talk of other’s private matters, but if it was about the team, she felt like she had a part in it, so she joined in: “Who’d you meet?”</p>
    <p>“People who appear to have money.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? What was his purpose?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“They seem to want to form a team too, so they asked if I wanted to join!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why don’t they join ours?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Good idea!” Ye Xiu praised.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo listened in astonishment. This sister seemed to have overestimated their strength even more than her!</p>
    <p>“How is your dungeon soloing going?” Ye Xiu was only killing wild monsters. It was a very easy task, so he often helped give some advice to Tang Rou on the side.</p>
    <p>“It’s a bit slow, but I feel like I’ve improved a lot.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Mm, for you, leveling isn’t that important. It’s more important to practice your mechanics well!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Are you saying that your mechanics have already peaked and you don’t need any practice?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“For now, it really is like that.” Ye Xiu said seriously.</p>
    <p>“It won’t be like that sooner or later.” Tang Rou said seriously as well.</p>
    <p>“Then I hope I’ll be able to see that day soon.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Don’t be afraid if someone embarrasses you first!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“I’m just afraid that won’t have enough time to wait for that moment to come.” Ye Xiu sighed.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was startled by this and also felt a bit melancholy. People couldn’t stop nature from taking its course.</p>
    <p>As a result, the three each had their own sorrows. The atmosphere seemed to have frozen up until Chen Guo suddenly called out: “More people are coming.”</p>
    <p>“I see them.” Melancholy was melancholy, but Ye Xiu was still going to do what he had to do and was mindful of what was around him. Because the map was spacious and empty, it wasn’t a hard task. He had seen the three heading towards them long ago.</p>
    <p>He did the same as before and checked around. There were no other players around them. It was just three of them. Ye Xiu doubted that the guilds would be so arrogant as to send just three players to take him down knowing his identity.</p>
    <p>“They don’t have any guild names on them…….” The three players entered their view. After seeing the name above them, Chen Guo started.</p>
    <p>“Be careful.” Ye Xiu immediately said. If they didn’t have guild tags, then it was likely they didn’t have any good intentions. In the Heavenly Domain, the top guilds would also have open accounts.</p>
    <p>“Understood.” Chen Guo nodded her head and then reminded Forest Landscape: “Be careful.”</p>
    <p>The three headed straight for them and the distance continued to close.</p>
    <p>From their equipment and weapons, Ye Xiu was able to distinguish their classes.</p>
    <p>Spellblade, Sharpshooter, Elementalist.</p>
    <p>After seeing these three classes, Ye Xiu’s mind began to turn. Almost instinctively, he gave the three characters an ID. Unfortunately, the three IDs on top of their heads weren’t the ones Ye Xiu was thinking of.</p>
    <p>“Run!” Ye Xiu suddenly shouted.</p>
    <p>“Run?” Chen Guo was startled.</p>
    <p>“No good. Run!” Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim slid back with an Aerial Fire and flew out.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo also used an Aerial Cannon and asked: “Why run?”</p>
    <p>Forest Landscape was confused too, but since Chen Guo was already asking, he didn’t need to say anything. With the movement buff from Neutral Chasers, his movement speed was also extremely quick.</p>
    <p>“They might be from Excellent Era.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So what if they’re from Excellent Era?” Chen Guo didn’t understand. Hearing the name Excellent Era, she really wanted to rush at them and beat them up.</p>
    <p>“Their classes…….” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Classes?” Chen Guo and Forest Landscape looked at their classes: Spellblade, Sharpshooter, Elementalist.</p>
    <p>The two recalled that these three classes were classes that were used in Team Excellent Era. However, determining that they were from Excellent Era with just that? That was a bit too excessive…..</p>
    <p>“Even if they’re from Excellent Era, what’s there to be so nervous about?” Chen Guo was still talking.</p>
    <p>“I’m talking about Excellent Era, not Excellent Dynasty.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo stared blankly: “Are you saying…… pro players?”</p>
    <p>“I can’t be certain, but we’ll know after running for a bit.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>He had been a part of Team Excellent Era for seven and a half years. As soon as these three classes appeared in front of Ye Xiu, he felt familiar with them and had a type of feeling that occurred when one saw teammates. This type of feeling made him even more suspicious of these three characters.</p>
    <p>If they were only normal guild players, then three players would be greatly overestimating themselves. But if they were pro players, then three pro players were more than enough.</p>
    <p>Three pro players with a 20 level advantage. There was no God in Glory who wouldn’t take this seriously.</p>
    <p>The moment they had been waiting for came and in a ferocious manner too……</p>
  </body>
</html>
