<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1249: Everyone Come at Once</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1249: Everyone Come at Once</h1>
    <p>GG!</p>
    <p>He actually just typed GG!</p>
    <p>In the next moment, Lord Grim very naturally logged out from the game, and the system announced that Blue Exorcist had won.</p>
    <p>It ended just like this?</p>
    <p>BOOOO! The sound was so loud that even with the aid of the host's audio equipment, his voice was completely drowned out by the surging boos of displeasure from the crowd. In this moment, that booing sound could only be described by one word: deafening.</p>
    <p>That's right, it was deafening.</p>
    <p>During the festive atmosphere of the All-Star Weekend Tournament, someone was actually greeted by such a loud, angry boo.</p>
    <p>"He truly deserves to be called God Ye Xiu…" the host thought, with a face full of tears. Even though it was just an All-Star match, there was still a referee, and now that referee was sitting there, completely dumbstruck.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu walked out from the player booth, but he didn't leave the stage, instead directly walking back to the side of the host.</p>
    <p>"God Ye Xiu, you're really…" the host didn't even know what to say. Who had experience dealing with this kind of unprecedented situation?</p>
    <p>"I kept my promise, aren't I amazing?" Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>"..."</p>
    <p>At the other side, Ye Xiu's opponent Ge Caijie also walked out of the player booth and headed back to the center of the stage with a face full of regret. He was obviously extremely disappointed that he couldn't fight against Ye Xiu but could only helplessly and silently leave the stage.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and the host watched Ge Caijie's lonely figure leaving. They watched for a long time before the host suddenly asked, "God Ye Xiu, how could you have the heart to disappoint the cute rookies like this?"</p>
    <p>"Sigh..." Ye Xiu let out a deep breath. Ge Caijie's disappointment was something he could also see clearly, and for a moment, he felt a little bad about it. The Alliance and Team Tyranny could at most pick out those rookies who wanted to challenge Ye Xiu and group them together. To these rookies, challenging Ye Xiu was something that they were very sincere about. But when they went onstage, filled with anticipation, they were unable to do anything before being sent off with a "GG.". They had won nominally, yes, but in these All-Star matches, winning or losing was never the most important thing. The most important thing was how they won or lost. Just sending them off with a "GG" was very satisfying to Ye Xiu, but to these rookies who wanted to challenge him, it couldn't have been any more cruelcrueller.</p>
    <p>Having said this, the host snuck a peek at Ye Xiu's expression and knew that Ye Xiu had been a little bit moved by his words. Obviously, he was also reluctant to disappoint the rookies in this way.</p>
    <p>"When the next two contestants come, if they still want to challenge God Ye Xiu, will you… still GG immediately?" the host asked him.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked at him and asked, "There's still two more?"</p>
    <p>"Yes, there are," the host confirmed.</p>
    <p>"Then there's no need for them to fight one by one, let everyone come at once!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What?" the host was at a loss for words.</p>
    <p>"I'm saying, let them come at once!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You mean… 1v2?" the host was stunned.</p>
    <p>The boos took a great deal of effort to quieten down, but when they heard this conversation, the whole stadium was dead silent. Shortly afterwards, however, the booing began again, only this time it clearly wasn't as valiant as before. After all, sending out such vigorous boos of displeasure also required a lot of energy, and it was evident that the Team Tyranny fans were already tired, but they still persevered. They wanted to kill this shameless archenemy of theirs with their booes. GG? 1v2? Is there anything you can't do?</p>
    <p>"This… isn't really in accordance to the rules, right?" the host said.</p>
    <p>"What are you being so serious for? If I don't mind, then just let them come up! Who are they?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"It's Zeng Xinran of Team Hundred Blossoms and Song Qiying of Team Tyranny," the host replied dumbly.</p>
    <p>"Alright!" Ye Xiu grabbed the microphone from the host's hands, raised it to his mouth and called, "Zeng Xinran of Team Hundred Blossoms and Song Qiying of Team Tyranny, the two of you kids can both come at once!"</p>
    <p>"This this this…..." the host hurriedly wrestled the microphone back. Momentarily, he had no idea how to deal with the situation, and could only desperately communicate with the backstage team for ideas. Team Hundred Blossoms' Zeng Xinran and Team Tyranny's Song Qiying also had no idea what to do. Rookies were the ones who took the rules most seriously, but Ye Xiu was doing something that clearly didn't follow the rules and wanted them to join in, leaving them at a loss.</p>
    <p>"Then… the two rookies, do you mind this arrangement? If you don't mind, then please come onstage!" After the host's rapid communication with the people backstage, they eventually decided not to stop Ye Xiu. After all, it was All-Stars, where they were looking to make things more lively. If Ye Xiu was so brave as to want to 1v2, then let him do it. At the end of the day, if he lost, the only person who would lose face is him, and to Team Tyranny, they absolutely wouldn't mind.</p>
    <p>Zeng Xinran and Song Qiying were both in the player seats looking at each other, waiting to see how the other would respond before deciding what to do, but after taking a look, the other person's response was to wait for them to react. With no ideas left, the two of them went to consult their team captains for advice.</p>
    <p>"Just go!" the two captains said. After receiving their orders, the two players went onstage.</p>
    <p>"Ah… the two rookies have already arrived. Then let me check first, is the player that the two of you want to challenge God Ye Xiu?" the host asked.</p>
    <p>The two rookies were still a little out of it, so one of them just said yes while the other nodded his head.</p>
    <p>"Oh… then next will be a 1v2 battle, the two of you will face God Ye Xiu together, are there any problems?" the host asked.</p>
    <p>The two rookies glanced at each other. They were already on stage, what problems could there be? The two of them nodded.</p>
    <p>"Great, then let's hurry up and start!" Ye Xiu waved his hands and headed towards the stage.</p>
    <p>"Then, do the two of you want to say anything before you begin your challenge?" the host asked as he interviewed the two rookies.</p>
    <p>"Uh… I… I have nothing that I want to say." Zeng Xinran was clearly quite nervous.</p>
    <p>"Then what about you?" the host asked the other player, Song Qiying.</p>
    <p>"This is against the rules..." Song Qiying said with a conflicted expression. It appeared that this arrangement was very difficult for him to stomach.</p>
    <p>Having reached this point, the host didn't want to get side-tracked anymore and applauded the two rookies before directing them to their booth.</p>
    <p>The competition was no longer an individual round and was instead set as a team battle. Ye Xiu alone made up one team, while Zeng Xinran and Song Qiying made up the other team.</p>
    <p>"Little Song, teach this guy a lesson!!" the shouts in the stadium resounded. This was Team Tyranny's stadium after all, and Song Qiying could be the future successor of Desert Dust, so he naturally received a lot of attention. On top of that, he was about to face Team Tyranny's bitter rival of many years, Ye Xiu, so the fans were extremely excited, not caring about whether or not it was 1v2, deciding to cheer first and think about it later.</p>
    <p>"Alright, then rookie challengers 6 and 7 will fight against Ye Xiu together, which is what Ye Xiu requested himself. The match is about to begin," the host announced. As the map loaded, the host suddenly felt flustered. This guy… he wouldn't pile these two together and then just send the two of them off with a "GG", right?</p>
    <p>Having suddenly thought of this terrifying possibility, the host felt extremely restless. As the map finished loading and the players entered the game, the host could barely watch any longer. Has he said "GG" already?</p>
    <p>The crowd was still quiet, so… he shouldn't have, right?</p>
    <p>The host looked at the screen and finally let out a deep breath. There was no GG. Ye Xiu's Lord Grim was charging out directly, was he getting ready to take the competition seriously?</p>
    <p>But if it's a 1v2, even against two rookies, Ye Xiu should have a hard time, right?</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny's successor for Han Wenqing, Song Qiying, now had a soaring reputation within the pro circle. Because of Team Tyranny rotating their player roster this season, he had very consistent opportunities to appear onstage, and iwas a strong contender for the Best Rookie award. In contrast, Team Hundred Blossom's Zeng Xinran looked inferior. The character he used was Tang Hao's character during his time at Team Hundred Blossom's, the Brawler Delillo. In Season 8 of the All-Star Tournament, Tang Hao used this very Delillo to defeat Lin Jingyan's Demon Subduer, convincingly winning the title of Number One Brawler. But now, Tang Hao's character was Demon Subduer, leaving Delillo in the hands of Zeng Xinran. Number One Brawler? Zeng Xinran was still extremely far away from this title.</p>
    <p>In his first match, he encountered Ye Xiu. During that match, he could hardly play at all because he was too nervous; every joint in his hands was stiff. Luckily, the team didn't abandon him because of his first poor performance. Gradually, he adapted to the atmosphere of the competitive scene and became less and less tense. But that nightmare of a first match had still left a shadow in his heart.</p>
    <p>This was really too awful of a memory for him. Zeng Xinran desperately wanted to find a way to cleanse himself of this memory, so he signed up for the All-Stars's Rookie Challenge. From the very start, he wanted to challenge Ye Xiu, letting himself rise from the same place where he had once fallen.</p>
    <p>Today, I will not be nervous again!</p>
    <p>From the start of the match, Zeng Xinran was very active.</p>
    <p>"Hey, make sure you don't drag me down!" he told Song Qiying. Song Qiying was a first-year rookie just like himself, but his fame and reputation had far surpassed his own. Zeng Xinran couldn't complain. Who asked his very first performance to be so awful? Even so, he could still feel a sense of inferiority, so at this very moment, he wanted to prove himself where he had previously failed.</p>
    <p>"Since we have two people, let's cooperate a bit more!" Song Qiying said.</p>
    <p>"Cooperate? The two of us? How can we cooperate?" Zeng Xinran said. The two of them weren't familiar with each other at all, but inexplicably ended up fighting side-by-side. Cooperation? With this person? Zeng Xinran had no idea how to do so.</p>
    <p>"You're a Brawler, I'm a Striker, from a class perspective, we can at least coordinate our low-level skills. What low-level skills did you add skill points into?" Song Qiying asked.</p>
    <p>"Reinforced Iron Bones, Back Throw and Fling," Zeng Xinran replied.</p>
    <p>"Oh, you really like grab skills! I've learnt Fling and Dismantling Throw, maybe we can make use of these." Song Qiying said.</p>
    <p>"How do we make use of it?" Zeng Xinran asked.</p>
    <p>"Have you not paid attention to the strategies used when two characters with the same class play together? It's in fashion now!" Song Qiying said.</p>
    <p>"Ah..." Zeng Xinran started to recall. Strategies involving two characters with the same class were indeed being used by many teams nowadays. Team Blue Rain's Dual Blade Masters, Team Tiny Herb's Dual Witches, Team Misty Rain's Dual Sharpshooters, and even less needed to be said about Team Void's Dual Ghostblades.</p>
    <p>How did they fight together?</p>
  </body>
</html>
