<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1342: They Call It Counter?</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1342: They Call It Counter?</h1>
    <p>Happy versus Royal Style, individual competition match 1. Both characters had already loaded onto the map.</p>
    <p>On one side was a ten-year player who had changed character; on the other side was a ten-year character who had changed player. These two sides rich with history stood on the stage now, and quickly met at the center of the map.</p>
    <p>This was Royal Style's home game, but Royal Style had actually chosen to use a simple map like the ones that Ye Xiu normally chose. For a team that already had no more goals for this season, these matches had no pressure. Tian Sen probably wanted to use this kind of battlefield to directly break Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"How daring." Ye Xiu couldn't help but praise the opponent.</p>
    <p>"Bring it!" Tian Sen answered.</p>
    <p>He had joined Royal Style just in time to witness the team's decline from prosperity. Everyone said that his story was a tragedy, but in reality, Tian Sen felt that he was still rather fortunate. At least Team Royal Style was still here, and he could still be its member. But what about the person in front of him now? Where was the team he once represented, Excellent Era? Once upon a time it was at the pinnacle of Glory, a dynasty-establishing team, but it had since collapsed until it was nothing more than smoke and ashes. And the final blow had been delivered by this person himself. This person standing here now, he was the most tragic person in Glory, was he not?</p>
    <p>There had been numerous discussions about what had happened between Ye Xiu and Excellent Era. Tian Sen wasn't someone who liked to gossip, but he believed Ye Xiu. He believed that as long as he was allowed, he would absolutely fight for Excellent Era until the end. No matter how well or poorly the team fared, he wouldn't leave or quit. This wasn't mere loyalty. This was a sort of unbreakable tie that existed between the first generation of players, their teams, and their characters. Tian Sen understood this well, because he had inherited all of this. Even though he was part of the Golden Generation, he adhered to spirit and ideas of the Founding Generation.</p>
    <p>Parting from one's team, parting from one's character, it was undoubtedly painful.</p>
    <p>So Tian Sen refused to leave Team Royal Style, no matter how many promising invitations he received.</p>
    <p>As for this person before him now? He parted from his team, parted from his character, and even had to fight a death match against his One Autumn Leaf. When he thought about these things, Tian Sen always felt deeply wronged on Ye Xiu's behalf.</p>
    <p>But even so, Ye Xiu hadn't fallen. He continued to advance forward, all for the sake of Glory!</p>
    <p>Yes, for Glory!</p>
    <p>This was the spirit of the first generation of players, the Founding Generation. No matter what situations they faced, they would never give up.</p>
    <p>Why had Ye Xiu chosen the extraordinarily difficult road of building his own team? Tian Sen felt that he understood. Because, aside from Excellent Era, he wouldn't choose anywhere else. He could only start over from zero, and create a team himself.</p>
    <p>Perhaps everyone could see the hardships he went through, perhaps they could see the miracle that was his return to the Alliance. But no one would ever truly know the tragic journey his heart had taken.</p>
    <p>But even so, Tian Sen would still use everything he had to defeat him. This was the greatest respect he could offer to this type of player.</p>
    <p>Bring it!</p>
    <p>After saying this, Tian Sen was already attacking.</p>
    <p>Back in the day, Peaceful Hermit hadn't beaten One Autumn Leaf. Then what about today's Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>It was said that the Exorcist was the counter to the unspecialized Lord Grim. But as the number one Exorcist in Glory, Tian Sen had only two words to say to this: how naive!</p>
    <p>If an equipment-sealing talisman was enough to make an Exorcist the counter to Lord Grim, then what about those who had methods to dizzy, to put to sleep, or any other control techniques? Would those become all sorts of counters?</p>
    <p>Every skill had its value. But for one skill to raise a class to the status of being a perfect counter, that was too shallow a way of thinking.</p>
    <p>The skill was there. But how to use it?</p>
    <p>Team Void's Ge Caijie was an excellent Exorcist rookie, but hadn't he fallen to Ye Xiu all the same? Counter, what counter?</p>
    <p>There was no such thing as a perfect counter in Glory. Those who thought they were counters, they were just waiting to be countered by the opponent! Because the opponent would always successfully use what you were trying to block. Especially this person here, the Glory Textbook Ye Xiu, the master of calculation… No one who had heard the words and deeds of the older generation would ever forget this.</p>
    <p>Team Void? Still too young! That was why Ge Caijie, when placed on the field, would be sent running in circles.</p>
    <p>Tian Sen wouldn't be that naive. He didn't treat himself as the counter. He faced this confrontation as he would any match.</p>
    <p>Two players, two characters, two classes. On one side, the unspecialized, on the other, the Exorcist.</p>
    <p>Peaceful Hermit's left hand snatched a talisman from the air, while his right hand was already waving the scythe Death Savvy as he charged forward. Without fear, he began close-ranged combat with Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>But Ye Xiu was unalarmed. Lord Grim swung the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, switching to gun form, and fired a rapid burst of shots toward Peaceful Hermit: Gatling Gun.</p>
    <p>Tatatatata...</p>
    <p>The gunshots were nonstop. Under Ye Xiu's control, the bullets flew everywhere, attacking not one point but an area.</p>
    <p>Peaceful Hermit shook his left hand and the talisman flashed with light. Characters had already formed on the paper, and it was quickly slapped onto his own shoulder.</p>
    <p>Hardening Talisman!</p>
    <p>Peaceful Hermit didn't dodge, he simply continued to charge straight forward. The bullets exploded on his body in sparks, and he took some damage, but his forward momentum wasn't hampered by these bullets. This was the effect of Hardening Talisman, a stronger version of the Striker's skill Reinforced Iron Bones.</p>
    <p>Using the increased defense granted by this talisman, Peaceful Hermit swiftly approached Lord Grim. Lord Grim threw a grenade at Peaceful Hermit's feet, but Tian Sen completely ignored it as well. When Peaceful Hermit stepped there, that grenade exploded, but even though it left a hole in the ground, it didn't shake Peaceful Hermit at all.</p>
    <p>Shadow Cloak!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim swept his sleeve and sent another skill flying. This type of grab skill was the counter to Super Armor skills like Hardening Talisman. But Tian Sen was fast with his controls. Peaceful Hermit swung Death Savvy down, and the scythe carved through the air with a burst of light. At first glance, it really seemed quite similar to the darkness swung out by Shadow Cloak.</p>
    <p>Two skills. Which was faster?</p>
    <p>The viewers waited for the result, but the two players had already made their judgments in an instant.</p>
    <p>Death Savvy's swing would come faster! The attack speed of a scythe was naturally 10, and the top Exorcist Peaceful Hermit, having chosen such a fast weapon, would definitely have the best equipment to enhance his attack speed even further.</p>
    <p>Jump back!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu immediately canceled his Shadow Cloak and controlled Lord Grim to jump backward and dodge. But to his surprise, Death Savvy flew out of Peaceful Hermit's hand toward him. Tian Sen had actually used Spirit Guidance!</p>
    <p>Throwing his weapon of course increased his attack range drastically, still carrying the trajectory it'd had when Peaceful Hermit was swinging it. Lord Grim, jumping backward, couldn't escape this range, and it was too late to parry. Death Savvy hit Lord Grim right in the shoulder.</p>
    <p>Peaceful Hermit lifted his hand, already prepared to retrieve the weapon. But the scythe was hooked around Lord Grim's shoulder, so when the Spirit Guidance pulled the weapon back, it carried Lord Grim along with it. Peaceful Hermit's left hand had already snatched another talisman, a character already written on it: Immobile.</p>
    <p>Immobilizing Talisman!</p>
    <p>His right hand pulled back his weapon, dragging Lord Grim along, while his left hand slapped out a talisman. They met, time slowed down, and this talisman was stuck right on Lord Grim's forehead.</p>
    <p>Instantly, Lord Grim was unable to move. But the audience burst into shouts.</p>
    <p>It wasn't because Peaceful Hermit had played excellently. It was because, as soon as that talisman landed on Lord Grim, another Lord Grim had already flashed behind Peaceful Hermit.</p>
    <p>Too bad I saw it. Tornado!</p>
    <p>Death Savvy suddenly flipped under Peaceful Hermit's elbow. Tian Sen hadn't turned his camera view, but he already sent this attack to Lord Grim's real body.</p>
    <p>This attack came so suddenly, and Peaceful Hermit's attack speed was so high. Lord Grim, who had wanted to sneak up and use a Cut-Throat, was actually slashed by this backward, upside-down attack first. A sheet of red sprayed into the air.</p>
    <p>"Ah!" Chen Guo couldn't help but shout.</p>
    <p>She had already watched who knew how many matches of Ye Xiu's, but this was the first time she'd seen him caught by his opponent like this. She'd been so sure that Peaceful Hermit's neck would soon be spraying blood, but this time, the one bleeding was actually Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>And the scythe once again demonstrated its unique uses. After slashing, it once again hooked Lord Grim, preventing him from retreating to Peaceful Hermit's side. Peaceful Hermit had already turned around, his left hand already gripping yet another talisman. The character written on the paper flashed in the light, as though it were about to fly out.</p>
    <p>The Level 75 skill, targeting the opponent's equipment, the Seal Talisman!</p>
    <p>Tian Sen didn't agree with the "counter" mindset, but that didn't mean he disagreed with the value of this skill. When there was a suitable opportunity and he could use it, he of course wouldn't let it go.</p>
    <p>Seal Talisman. With a twist of this body, Peaceful Hermit sent this talisman toward the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella in Lord Grim's hand.</p>
    <p>Kaka!</p>
    <p>But with two sounds, the umbrella suddenly broke apart into two. Peaceful Hermit couldn't retract his slap, and the talisman landed upon Lord Grim's chest…</p>
    <p>Clothes were equipment. The Seal Talisman immediately took effect, and whatever stats granted by this upper-body clothing were temporarily nullified. But this absolutely was not what Tian Sen wanted, and he didn't think "better than nothing." A skill could only be considered successful if it achieved the effect it was meant to achieve. He failed this attack, and what was waiting for him afterward was of course a counterattack. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella split in two, that was its tonfa form. The Fighter class skills relied on this weapon form.</p>
    <p>Pow pow!</p>
    <p>Kicks and punches landed nonstop upon Peaceful Hermit's body. There were regular attacks, there were skills, and in the end there was a Fling which sent Peaceful Hermit flying. Taking advantage of this grab skill's priority, which locked the target's movements, Lord Grim chased after with a Shining Cut, and at the right angle, he was able to use a Sand Toss at point-blank range right onto Peaceful Hermit's face. When Peaceful Hermit hit the ground, his vision was completely dark. All he could see was a message from Ye Xiu in the chat box to the side.</p>
    <p>"You've studied my playstyle pretty thoroughly!"</p>
    <p>Tian Sen had indeed studied Ye Xiu extremely well, and discovered that Ye Xiu loved using Shadow Clone Technique to circle around behind the opponent. So, he carefully watched Lord Grim's hands at all times. No matter what, Shadow Clone Technique required hand seals to form. Unfortunately, even though he correctly anticipated the attack, he still fell short.</p>
  </body>
</html>
