<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1080: Splitting Rewards</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1080: Splitting Rewards</h1>
    <p>Aiming to be champions?</p>
    <p>Happy's statement was dismissed with a laugh by the pro teams.</p>
    <p>If it wasn't that Happy had Ye Xiu, the pro teams would probably think that these guys were having delusions of grandeur after their unexpected victory against Excellent Era. However, since Ye Xiu was present, they wouldn't be so childish.</p>
    <p>"It's joke, right?"</p>
    <p>"They're probably doing this to get more publicity."</p>
    <p>"They don't really need to keep coming up with these things. They already have a strong enough presence."</p>
    <p>The teams all said different things, but their tone was generally full of ridicule. Aim to be champions? The majority of the teams in the Alliance wouldn't dare say this. Happy really was daring!</p>
    <p>Happy was flourishing. After obtaining a sponsorship from Feike, Happy managed to x obtain another two more sponsors. These were all from sponsors who had always taken an interest in the Glory Alliance and didn't mind giving a share to Happy. However, they were like Feike, already sponsoring other teams in the Alliance. They invested in Happy, wanting to watch how things went.</p>
    <p>With these three contracts, Happy had already received nearly 5,000,000 RMB in sponsorship money. For a grassroots team, this was a very solid support. After that, the prize money for winning the Challenger League, their share of TV broadcasting revenue, their share of ticket revenue, etc. all arrived. With the amount of attention that the Challenger League received, no matter if it was the TV broadcast or the venue tickets, the revenue gained was far greater than previous years. The Alliance was very sincere and generous with their competitions. The teams didn't just get prize money, but also shares of all sorts of profits. Many other competitions would just deal with this through just the prize money.</p>
    <p>Just winning the Challenger League was worth 5,000,000 RMB. Considering the influence of the Challenger League, this was no small amount. The Alliance had clearly considered how the winner would be entering the pro league the following season. This money was also a source of support for the team. With the prize money on top of their shares for everything else, Team Happy had managed to earn over 10,000,000 RMB through just the Challenger League alone. This showed Chen Guo exactly how financially powerful the Glory scene was now. Of course, due to the special circumstances of this year's Challenger League, the shares of profit were naturally higher than previous years.</p>
    <p>With over 10,000,000 RMB for funds, Chen Guo felt much more secure. Although the 18,000,000 RMB earned with the materials from selling the skill point guide could have been invested into the team by Wei Chen, this was just too much. If they really invested it all into the team, Chen Guo felt that her title as the boss would be more of a title than actual reality. But now that the team had managed to earn some money on their own, Chen Guo felt much better about using it.</p>
    <p>As soon as the money arrived, Chen Guo didn't hesitate to take out the 5,000,000 RMB in prize money and divide it up between the members of Happy. Even though Happy's players had never seemed to care much about this sort of thing, they couldn't just go with the flow and continue like this. In the past, they didn't have the funds, so they just got by like that. Now that they had gained a significant amount of profit, it definitely had to be shared.</p>
    <p>The division of this money was very overwhelming. Luo Ji and An Wenyi were both just university students. Suddenly gaining several hundred thousand made them at a loss as to what to do with it.</p>
    <p>As for Ye Xiu, the bank card he was given was immediately thrown into the drawer, becoming a member of his large pile of Glory smurfs.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen? He was a person with 18,000,000 RMB in his hands. After obtaining the several hundred thousand, he simply nodded, saying nonchalantly, "Mm, not bad." Chen Guo wanted to hit him for that.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou smiled, thanking Chen Guo as she accepted the bank card, not at all intending to decline it. However, Chen Guo knew that she had even more of a right than Wei Chen to act nonchalant. Chen Guo looked down on Wei Chen for his response. Then, that night, after everyone had gone to bed, Chen Guo realized that Tang Ruo had forgotten her card on the table and nearly cried. With a weak password like 123456, anyone could just take the card and the money. My lady, you were never this careless with Soft Mist's account card!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun, having been a bouncer before for an Internet cafe, had very little wealth. He was delighted with the sum of several hundred thousand, and emotionally exclaimed that he had truly found a good boss, his future was really bright!</p>
    <p>Wu Chen and Qiao Yifan came from pro teams. Wu Chen was even the ace of his team. Although his team had been rather weak and their income couldn't compare to the Gods, getting several hundred thousand a year wasn't hard. Qiao Yifan was a rookie, so he wouldn't have that high of an income, but since he was a part of a powerhouse team, he had a good understanding of their scene. This prize money was nothing unexpected for him.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo had been a little hesitant when giving Mo Fan his share. Mo Fan rarely went on the field and Chen Guo had split the prize money evenly, not bothering with taking contribution into account. In these beginning stages, the team was still growing in many ways and Chen Guo felt that this sort of thing was far too troublesome to deal with. Plus, Ye Xiu, who had made the greatest contributions, had agreed with her decision wholeheartedly. Then what was there to worry about? It was those like Luo Ji and Wu Chen, who hadn't had much play time, that felt a little bad about getting the same as everyone else, but they still ended up accepting the money under Chen Guo's resolute attitude. Chen Guo's hesitation towards Mo Fan was because she wasn't sure about him. In truth, it was because they didn't interact and therefore, she had no idea what that guy was thinking. She didn't know if he was planning on staying with Happy on their journey.</p>
    <p>But on the other hand, Mo Fan had stayed with them throughout this year. It had nothing to do with what he would do in the future. Although he had made limited contributions, he shouldn't be left out if everyone got it. Therefore, Mo Fan ended up with an equal share. After hearing the amount, he had uncharacteristically shown a hint of shock. It seemed like he didn't come from a wealthy background either.</p>
    <p>There was another, who was resolute in declining this money.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping. Chen Guo called him about transferring his share of the money over, but Sun Zheping, who had already left Happy, simply laughed and told her not to bother before directly hanging up.</p>
    <p>That was too generous, wasn't it? </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't want to give up, but then Ye Xiu had said, "There's no need. He isn't someone who will change his mind."</p>
    <p>Chen Guo, holding the final card, didn't really know what to say. Ye Xiu glanced at her. "Did you forget your own share?"</p>
    <p>"Ah?" Chen Guo was stunned for a moment. She really hadn't thought about herself. Even if she did, she wouldn't think she deserved a share.</p>
    <p>"Just take it as leftovers. For the capitalist." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Hey hey, who're you calling a capitalist?" Chen Guo objected.</p>
    <p>Happy was dividing up their small reward while over with the Alliance, the champions had been decided and were receiving all their large rewards. The Alliance Championship prize money was, considering the influence of the Glory Alliance, a very small amount, only 10,000,000, twice as much as the Challenger League. Apart from that, there were rewards for regular season rankings, but the amount was even less substantial. Twenty teams, a total of 16,800,000. With the money split according to ranking, the highest ranked team only received 1,600,000. The last ranked team received a measly 80,000.</p>
    <p>It was obvious that the Alliance no longer depended on prize money to sustain itself. 10,000,000 RMB in prize money? That definitely wasn't the reason any team fought so hard.</p>
    <p>What everyone sought was the glory that the championship trophy represented, What teams depended on for survival were things such as broadcasting profits, sponsorships, ticket fees, and similar forms of revenue. And these forms of revenue were affected by the influence the team had. As for the most direct way of increasing their influence, it was winning the championships. Happy's Challenger League championship victory had brought them all sorts of income. In reality, this was a perfect example of the current system.</p>
    <p>The season came to a close with the champions decided. However, because of this year's update, there had been a break in the middle of the season, so once the championships ended, July soon arrived. The players of the pro teams began their holiday, but the summer transfer window opened and the managers of the clubs began to get busy.</p>
    <p>Over with Happy, the press conference Feike had wanted to hold, but never had the chance to, finally occurred, officially declaring their sponsorship of Happy. Even though they weren't giving much funds, with Happy's current popularity, they managed to do something big with very little cost. Feike was very satisfied with their investment. In this press conference, Happy had taken the chance to announce Su Mucheng's free transfer. This wasn't unexpected for anyone, but, following that, the announcement that Dancing Rain was coming to Happy with Su Mucheng was big news.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain was an All-Star level account. A grassroots like Happy somehow had the courage to obtain it. It looked like their goal to win the championships wasn't a joke.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng was free transfering, so naturally there was no transfer fee. But the media was enthusiastically discussing Dancing Rain's transfer fee. However, in the contract for Dancing Rain's transfer, the transfer fee had an NDA protecting it. Tao Xuan had obviously not wanted the special price for Dancing Rain to affect the sale of Excellent Era. If everyone thought that Excellent Era was doing a huge clearance sale and came with offers of just a few hundred thousand, Tao Xuan would probably die crying.</p>
    <p>With Su Mucheng and Dancing Rain, Team Happy suddenly seemed far stronger. Counting Ye Xiu, Happy was a team with two All-Star level players! Not even half the teams of the Alliance had such a lineup!</p>
    <p>What moves would Happy make next? The day the summer transfer window opened, Happy had unexpectedly become the main show. The media was making all sorts of guesses. Excellent Era was also a hot topic. The transfer window was open and Team Excellent Era had quite a lot of characters and players. After so long, the transfers should have come to the end of their negotiations. Where would they all go?</p>
    <p>As for the Golden Generation that everyone had once been clustered around, they weren't much of a topic anymore these days. This year was the second year where the Golden Generation would have to renew their contracts, so everyone had been attentively waiting to see if any would leave their teams. But in the first half of this year, all the teams had declared that the players of the Golden Generation wouldn't be leaving their teams, apart from Su Mucheng and Xiao Shiqin who were unknowns back then.</p>
    <p>Now, Su Mucheng had joined Happy. What about Xiao Shiqin? Where would he go? As someone who could also free transfer, he had a lot of choices.</p>
    <p>But before any news about Xiao Shiqin came out, Excellent Era's first bomb, since the news that it was being sold, fell.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang, One Autumn Leaf. The two were transfering to Team Samsara for 28,000,000 RMB.</p>
  </body>
</html>
