<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1561 - Scheming Tyranny</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1561 - Scheming Tyranny</h1>
    <p>Tyranny dodged Fang Rui’s precisely calculated attack by relying on their extraordinary synergy with one another.</p>
    <p>An attack had been dodged, that was all, but it was a very meaningful dodge. The average viewers might not understand, but the pro player chat group did.</p>
    <p>As the pro players praised Tyranny’s coordination, Tyranny promptly went back to sticking close to the wall. The five players were like a wave rising and falling. The Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow pushed them aside, and when the qi moved past them, they fell back into place.</p>
    <p>The attack had missed, and it hadn’t even been able to create an opening for Su Mucheng. The rise and fall had happened in the blink of an eye. Tyranny’s members were already back in their original positions.</p>
    <p>Of course, Fang Rui’s calculated offensive wasn’t done yet.</p>
    <p>The moment Boundless Sea fired Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow, he began preparing for the next attack.</p>
    <p>Dragon Wave!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea attacked again. The qi swirled into a dragon that flew towards Tyranny with a roar. This Dragon Wave could be controlled manually by the player. As a result, the attack would be more nimble. Tyranny wouldn’t be able to dodge it mechanically like the last attack.</p>
    <p>However, Dragon Wave didn’t have the same sort of piercing power as Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow. On Tyranny’s side, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust rushed forward and activated Reinforced Iron Bones. He was clearly planning on tanking the Dragon Wave.</p>
    <p>On the battlefield, it was never a good idea to go along with what the opponent wanted. This was the only way to firmly take the initiative.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing wanted Desert Dust to tank it, but Fang Rui wasn’t going to let him. With a flick of his wrist, Boundless Sea lifted his arm, and the Dragon Wave rose into the air, passing over Desert Dust’s head.</p>
    <p>It was only by going against what the opponent wanted would you be able to disrupt the opponent’s rhythm!</p>
    <p>But Han Wenqing’s rhythm wasn’t broken. The Dragon Wave flew past his head, but his movements hadn’t changed.</p>
    <p>Continue charging straight forward.</p>
    <p>Ahead was Boundless Sea! Since the Dragon Wave missed, he might as well attack Boundless Sea. With a sudden burst of speed, he instantly closed the distance between them. The Dragon Wave that flew past Desert Dust made Fang Rui feel like it wasn’t going to make it.</p>
    <p>On the other canyon wall, Ye Xiu noticed that the situation on Fang Rui’s end wasn’t looking good. Tyranny had suddenly changed their intentions. Happy was making it uncomfortable for them to their left and right. As a result, they began letting to take the offensive. Desert Dust’s charge was simply a prelude. Tyranny was planning on ignoring the two long-ranged harassers and going straight for the kill on Boundless Sea. Desert Dust didn’t turn back, tearing apart Fang Rui’s original plans.</p>
    <p>Tyranny never lacked courage. Despite knowing that Happy had likely set up an ambush, they still pressed forward because they were confident that they could break through Happy’s arrangements.</p>
    <p>It was true that they had become more cautious, but their direct playstyle hadn’t changed.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea was their target!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust threw a heavy punch. Behind him, Dark Thunder, Immovable Rock, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, and River Sunset stopped hiding near the wall and spread out. Next, Fang Rui needed to figure out which target for his Dragon Wave to pursue. But right now, Fang Rui had no time to hesitate. In the blink of an eye, Desert Dust arrived.</p>
    <p>Cancel!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wanted to cancel the skill, but suddenly, a figure appeared in what he felt was a very convenient position…</p>
    <p>Nice!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was delighted. It was obviously better not to waste a skill.The figure was in such a perfect position. Fang Rui didn’t hesitate and turned the Dragon Wave.</p>
    <p>But that figure seemed to know that the Dragon Wave would come. The figure suddenly moved outwards, and Fang Rui instinctively followed the other side’s movements. But then, he realized: not good!</p>
    <p>Pu!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust’s fist smashed into Boundless Sea. The Dragon Wave was interrupted. Boundless Sea was sent flying like a broken kite. His gaze was still fixed towards the figure that had baited him into continuing with the Dragon Wave. Although in reality, he didn’t need to look to know who it was.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan. Whether it was personality or tactics, no one was more familiar with Fang Rui than Lin Jingyan. Only he would have the awareness to bait Fang Rui into not cancelling his skill.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was a very experienced player, but like ginger, the older, the spicier.</p>
    <p>Heroic Leap!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim jumped off the canyon wall and fell rapidly.</p>
    <p>Tyranny had acted quickly, and Ye Xiu didn’t react slowly either. As soon as he saw Desert Dust swing his fists towards Boundless Sea, he immediately gave up on trying to interfere through long-ranged attacks. The long-ranged capabilities of an unspecialized, whether it was damage or CC, was too poor.</p>
    <p>Heroic Leap!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim leapt into the air and then plummeted downwards. He had reacted fast, but Boundless Sea had already been sent flying. Tyranny noticed his movements and immediately spread out to surround him.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s five players stood quite far apart, making it difficult for Su Mucheng to cover all of them. With a character attacking them from above, going near the wall wasn’t Tyranny’s only option. They had simply been making the best choice in that situation. At that time, Happy only had two people in front of them. With the others on Happy in unknown locations, they erred on the side of caution and prioritized defense. Now, not only was their left and right being attacked, Fang Rui was harassing them from the front. Tyranny took action and immediately scattered, splitting Su Mucheng’s attention as each of them locked onto a target.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust continued to attack Boundless Sea. The remaining four set up a net, intending on catching the falling Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Satellite Beam!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain let out a high-level skill. Her purpose wasn’t to attack, but to defend. The powerful beam of light seemed to envelop Lord Grim as he fell. The smaller pillars of light immediately began to revolve around it. Under this protection, Tyranny couldn’t easily attack Lord Grim. Only Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms could shoot a few bullets at him from afar.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale set up a light cover, engulfing the Satellite Beam and the surrounding area. Zhang Jiale wasn’t just attacking. He wanted to use the light cover to shield his teammates. At the same time, it would prove a hindrance to Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>The two sides seemed to have no way of immediately attacking each other. However, Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms style was too grand, requiring an enormous consumption. Soon, because many of his skills were on cooldown, he had no way of keeping up the cover of light. But gradually, as the light dispersed, it revealed two figures that were unexpectedly rushing towards Boundless Sea instead of Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>River Sunset and Dark Thunder, two Fighter classes, also targeted Boundless Sea. Their intentions on surrounding Lord Grim had been a feint to seal off Ye Xiu’s next movements and to attract Su Mucheng’s attention. With the cover from Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, by the time their intentions were revealed, Happy would have lost the opportunity to respond immediately.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain tried to stop them, but both Fighters had activated Reinforced Iron Bones. Under Supor Armor, they marched through Dancing Rain’s attacks. At the same time, their bodies flashed with white light. Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock was healing them.</p>
    <p>Attack these two? Or interrupt the healer? Either way, there was no way for Su Mucheng to stop the two from reaching Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>What about Ye Xiu?</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was trapped by Zhang Jiale’s shrinking blossoms of light. Previously, he had spread the light cover too wide. After the skills went on cooldown, he had no way of keeping it up. But he could do it if he shrunk the area of effect since he was only facing against Ye Xiu. Zhang Jiale didn’t only respond to the situation at hand, but also thinking ahead.</p>
    <p>A few seconds ago, Tyranny had been in an uncomfortable position. But in a short moment, they had turned it around. Under Tyranny’s pressure, Happy’s weakness at the moment was made clear: they had less people!</p>
    <p>Why?</p>
    <p>Why didn’t Happy go all out with their ambush?</p>
    <p>Because Tang Rou’s Soft Mist had suffered heavy injuries during her escape. She needed time to heal. With her way of fighting, if she had entered the battle at critical health, Tyranny would have likely killed her off in one wave. Not even Happy’s healer would be able to save her. Happy had set up their ambush, slowly bringing their players in to stall for time and let Soft Mist recover more health.</p>
    <p>But when their ambush was broken through, a fatal weakness was revealed.</p>
    <p>“No wonder Tyranny pursued them so closely.”</p>
    <p>“They were biting fiercely onto Soft Mist’s low health!”</p>
    <p>“Because of Soft Mist’s low health, Happy is practically lacking a combatant. She can’t directly join the fight!”</p>
    <p>“Could they have intentionally let Soft Mist go? They guided Happy into setting up this flimsy ambush. If Soft Mist had died, Happy would have a full-health character on the battlefield. Wouldn’t Happy’s ambush be much more threatening then?</p>
    <p>When the pro players saw this scene, they started typing like crazy into the QQ chat group, discussing their viewpoints.</p>
    <p>“Happy being in a disadvantageous spot hasn’t changed since Tang Rou ran into Tyranny!”</p>
    <p>“Tyranny has been taking advantage of this point!”</p>
    <p>“Truly cunning.”</p>
    <p>“Just watching it scares me!”</p>
    <p>“What will Happy do?”</p>
    <p>“What about Tang Rou? Soft Mist? She has to come out and attack now, no?”</p>
    <p>“Maybe switch with that Summoner?”</p>
    <p>“But it’ll be difficult for a Summoner to open up this situation!”</p>
    <p>“She’s coming out!” The pro players also had the spectator view. The broadcast also knew where the key point lay, and a small window appeared, focusing on Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>“Fuck, this is staking it all on one throw!!” Everyone was surprised by Happy’s move.</p>
    <p>Both Happy’s Battle Mage and Summoner had come out. In other words, they had switched out their healer…</p>
  </body>
</html>
