<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1056: At Least They’re Still With Us</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1056: At Least They’re Still With Us</h1>
    <p>Everyone was all up in arms about Excellent Era, but where was the other star of this incident? They had yet to appear after the Challenger League.</p>
    <p>Right now, it was the final stretch of the regular season many life and death matches were being fought. Yet, the place where the most Glory reporters had gathered was City H, which didn't even have any teams currently in the Pro League.</p>
    <p>The reporters swarmed to take a look around the Happy Internet Cafe, and saw people protesting daily outside Club Excellent Era. But where was Ye Xiu? He was the reason that they came, but no one ever saw him. Ye Xiu didn't appear, nor did any other member of Team Happy. The people working at the Internet cafe didn't know either. It was only until they asked one of the employees to contact the boss, Chen Guo, that they found out that Team Happy was still in City B. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>After the match, they had never come back.</p>
    <p>After winning the Challenger League, Happy was drowning in delight and triumph. They had forgotten everything else. The post match press conference? What was that? Such a thought hadn't surfaced in their minds for even a second.</p>
    <p>They had left the stadium directly and had been welcomed by a group of Guild Happy's tenth server members, led by Seven Fields. The massive group of people had gone to find a place to celebrate their victory; everyone was eager to toast God Ye Xiu. Amongst these fans was Sleeping Moon. Every time he thought of his and Lord Grim's first meeting in the tenth server, Sleeping Moon wanted to bury himself. His old friends like Seven Fields and Drifting Water still laughed at him even now: you're very brave, daring to challenge God Ye Xiu?</p>
    <p>Sleeping Moon wanted to cry! That God was his idol. If only he had known earlier; it would have been more appropriate for him to go and lick his shoes.</p>
    <p>After discovering Lord Grim's true identity, this had become a thorn in his heart. Today, Sleeping Moon wanted to use this chance to properly express himself and wash away the past. Holding his wine and lining up in the queue to toast, Sleeping Moon mentally prepared what he wanted to say. Yet, right after the first toast, someone began shouting, "What happened? What happened?" </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Sleeping Moon rushed over and took a look at what was happening. Was the God drunk? </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"What did you put in the drink?" No one believed the truth and mercilessly surrounded the young man who had toasted first. They immediately thought that he was a spy from Excellent Era. Did this bastard intend to poison their God?</p>
    <p>"I didn't, I really didn't!" The young man was almost crying, trying to explain himself with the empty glass in hand.</p>
    <p>"He… is a bit of a lightweight," Chen Guo explained, remembering Ye Xiu's younger brother, the real Ye Qiu.</p>
    <p>He's a lightweight?</p>
    <p>Everyone felt that boss Chen Guo's words really were modest. If he really had gotten drunk, then could you call this being a lightweight? This was a One-Hit KO!</p>
    <p>The invincible God of Glory was instantly KO'ed by one cup of wine.</p>
    <p>Without the star of the show, the party died down quite a bit. The players who came up to toast didn't know what to do.</p>
    <p>That was when Sun Zheping came over, tossing the drunk Ye Xiu to one side and rolling up his sleeves, yelling, "Come on! I'll drink with you!"</p>
    <p>The party instantly livened up. It was Chen Guo, seeing Sun Zheping about to drink without care, who said in doubt, "But, pro players don't drink, right?"</p>
    <p>This was something that Ye Xiu had told her. If you drank too much too often, it would depress your nervous system causing your reaction speed to fall, your body to slow down and your hands to tremble. These were all taboos for pro players.</p>
    <p>"That's right! Pro players should never drink." Hearing Chen Guo's words, Sun Zheping turned and smiled a bitter smile before raising his head and downing the cup of wine.</p>
    <p>"Nice!!!" The players all cheered, clustering around Sun Zheping to compete. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Seeing this, Chen Guo felt melancholy in her heart. Pro players shouldn't drink, but Sun Zheping evidently no longer felt like he was a real pro player anymore. This celebratory event, for him, also held sorrow. He should have been able to do more. What little contributions he had made wasn't enough to satisfy him.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan didn't get many chances to play and Luo Ji didn't even appear in the finals, but they had futures ahead of them. They had time and opportunity to compete, but Sun Zheping didn't. He could only end things here, heart yearning for more and victory adding to his disappointment. This was probably the reason he never returned even though he could still manage to play at a pro level with some strain. For him, this wasn't nearly enough!</p>
    <p>"What happened, what happened?" </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Chen Guo was still over here feeling melancholy for Sun Zheping when a commotion broke out there. She went over to see and found that Sun Zheping had fallen, too. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>"How many glasses?" A player who was probably about to strike, holding a glass of wine, asked.</p>
    <p>"Three?" A person with an empty glass said incredulously. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>With Ye Xiu being OHKO'ed before, three glasses didn't seem all that shocking, but the problem was Sun Zheping's bring-it-on attitude from before. Everyone thought he was a great drinker who would take ages to get tipsy, but he fell at just three glasses?</p>
    <p>Three glasses wasn't much better than one glass.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo felt even worse now. Sun Zheping actually couldn't drink at all, could he? These gods, for their dreams, were always strict with themselves. How many years had it been since Sun Zheping had retired? He was evidently still holding himself to that rule of not touching alcohol, otherwise he wouldn't be down with just three glasses. Drinking ability was like mechanical skill; it could be trained, to some extent.</p>
    <p>Yet Sun Zheping didn't. He persisted with the habits of pro players, protecting his own body. Did he hope to one day have the chance to return to the battlefield?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't think on it further, silently helping Sun Zheping to the side.</p>
    <p>"Another so fast?"</p>
    <p>On one corner of the sofa, Su Mucheng was eating sunflower seeds. The blackout drunk Ye Xiu was sleeping askew to one side. Soon enough, Sun Zheping was shoved over. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Chen Guo sighed. When she was just a fan, all she saw was the spectacular performance these Gods had on the field. She would have never considered the amount of effort they had to put in off the field.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong?" Su Mucheng would tell how Chen Guo didn't seem very happy. This was a night of their victory. What could wash away the joy of a championship?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo glanced at the drunken two, but didn't really know how to explain.</p>
    <p>"Don't worry." Su Mucheng seemed to understand upon seeing Chen Guo's gaze. "At least everyone is still with us."</p>
    <p>At least everyone is still with us... </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't know how to react for a moment and glanced at the two again.</p>
    <p>That's right. It didn't matter if it was Ye Xiu who had been kicked by his club, or Sun Zheping who could no longer reach his peak, what with the injury to his hand, or Wei Chen over there who had retired for longer than most people's pro careers yet was still doing his all to climb back to the top. Their lives hadn't been smooth, but no matter what, they didn't give up. They held hope in their hearts and charged forwards at every opportunity. No matter what, they were still here.</p>
    <p>"These two useless things, my turn!" Over there, Wei Chen looked at the two drunk gods with disdain and rolled up his sleeves, preparing for battle.</p>
    <p>The Guild Happy members muttered among themselves, not very enthusiastic about Wei Chen's upcoming performance.</p>
    <p>"I bet four glasses and he blacks out."</p>
    <p>"I bet five."</p>
    <p>"I think I'll bet three."</p>
    <p>"No one betting one glass?"</p>
    <p>"If no one's betting one glass, I will!" </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Alright alright, confirm your bets…" They had even began a betting pool about Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>It was doubtful that many would go home sober tonight. Chen Guo originally was going to be strict with herself, but then she drank a little out of courtesy every now and then and ended up tipsy.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun, Wu Chen, Luo Ji and An Wenyi were all swaying about. Even Mo Fan who barely interacted with anyone had managed to drink himself into being unable to walk straight. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>"A hundred glasses! I bet a hundred glasses!" Wei Chen hollered as he walked out with the others, all supporting each other. Wei Chen didn't lose face for pro players. He really could drink. If he really managed a hundred glasses, no one would know, but at the very least he could walk by himself with some help from the wall. It was just that after he left, he got on a taxi and asked to be sent back to Happy Internet Cafe. Under the taxi driver's confused gaze, he was dragged back out.</p>
    <p>It was a good thing that the girls hadn't gotten so drunk. After sending off wave after wave of Guild Happy players, they got the drunk guys back to the hotel.</p>
    <p>When she next woke, it was already noon. Opening her eyes, Chen Guo was immediately blinded by the sunlight.</p>
    <p>She glanced around her room. There was no one there. Originally, this was her and Tang Rou's room, but she didn't know where everyone slept after last night.</p>
    <p>We… really won the Challenger League?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo stared at the ceiling, ignoring the blinding sunlight and suddenly felt a little lost. Drunken nights were always very blurred. With their victory of the championship, it all seemed like a fantasy.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo quickly rolled to her feet and went to find her handbag. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>The handbag was right beside her pillow and Chen Guo opened it, quickly finding what she wanted.</p>
    <p>The qualification certificate to the Pro Alliance. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Team Happy. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Yes! They really did it. All of this was real. In that moment, Chen Guo felt like she was surrounded with bliss. Last night was full of passion, excitement, energy. Only after giving it a night to sink in did the satisfaction and bliss of getting the championship really flood in.</p>
    <p>"Where are the others?" Chen Guo hurriedly got up and charged out of her room. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The others were getting up as well, though the others who had been dead drunk weren't nearly as lively as Chen Guo, who had only been tipsy.</p>
    <p>"You all alright?" Chen Guo greeted everyone before seeing Ye Xiu still asleep on the bed.</p>
    <p>"He's really too weak!" Chen Guo recalled the scene from last night. "I know he's a lightweight, but getting blackout drunk with just a cup just seems unreal!"</p>
    <p>"It's not just from drinking," Wei Chen said, "He's exhausted. Let him rest a few days!"</p>
    <p>Translator's Thoughts</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Nomyummi</p>
    <p>We're #1 just like Happy!! The 17 chapter week starts today plus a bonus vid translated by me and veriquity! The MAD is called Along this Journey and is centered around Ye Xiu. We've translated it so that the lyrics are singable too :)</p>
    <p>https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dl_-6qUNnCA</p>
  </body>
</html>
