<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1035: Cut Off From the Team</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1035: Cut Off From the Team</h1>
    <p>The team competition between Happy and Excellent Era had completely unfolded. In the beginning, Excellent Era nipped at Happy's heels, refusing to let up until they finally caught up and started attacking, but the crowd could see that Team Happy's Ye Xiu was performing a 1v2, while the other four were preparing to ambush Excellent Era from the rear.</p>
    <p>Team Excellent Era was clearly unaware of it. Xiao Shiqin had just realized that he wasn't being daring enough, so he adopted a more proactive attitude. On the other hand, Team Happy had already changed their strategy.　　</p>
    <p>The commentators Pan Lin and Li Yibo saw these changes, but restrained themselves from making any early conclusions. It was only when the movements of Team Happy's Soft Mist, Dawn Rifle, One Inch Ash, and Little Cold Hands became very obvious did they dare to comment on it.</p>
    <p>"How unexpected.... It's simply too unexpected." Li Yibo sighed, "We were just talking about how Team Excellent Era was playing a bit too conservatively, unlike a strong team. In the blink of an eye, it's Happy that's moving out in an imposing manner. Happy's ace player is pinning down Excellent Era's main force, while the others are preparing for a sneak attack from the rear. This is a standard strategy for a powerhouse team with a top-tier ace player!!"</p>
    <p>Li Yibo's statement woke up many people.　　</p>
    <p>Indeed, Happy's current strategy was a standard powerhouse strategy. By using a top player, a character to pin down as many opponents as possible, would allow for more openings to attack. This principle was applicable to many sports. For example, in basketball, a skilled player might have two or three defenders on him, giving his other teammates more openings and opportunities to score.</p>
    <p>But the problem was that the powerhouse should be Team Excellent Era! But in this match, it was Happy employing this strategy. Wasn't that kind of weird?</p>
    <p>"For this strategy to work, the ace player's performance is crucial! Ye Xiu probably isn't a stranger towards this strategy, but the problem is that the current him is no longer the Battle God Ye Qiu from before. Right now, he's facing a pincer attack from Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei. One Autumn Leaf doesn't need to be mentioned. Even Qiu Fei's Combat Form is a formidable character. Can Ye Xiu hold on?" Pan Lin spoke swiftly.</p>
    <p>Can he hold on?</p>
    <p>The answer didn't matter. Team Excellent Era's rear had already caught on fire. Team Happy's timing had been perfectly executed; they didn't let Ye Xiu take too pressure alone. His main purpose was to draw the attention of Team Excellent Era and have them pull away from each other.</p>
    <p>Now, Happy's group of four got into position and charged forward without any hesitation.　</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>By the time Shen Jian noticed the ambush, Soft Mist's spear had already arrived. Excellent Era thought that Dawn Rifle and One Inch Ash were ahead of them, but those two had now suddenly appeared at their flank within attack range.</p>
    <p>Shen Jian's responsibility was to defend their healer, so he naturally stepped forward and acted as a meat shield. He had his Striker step forward and shield Zhang Jiaxin's Cleric with his body.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist's Dragon Breaks the Ranks hit him square in the stomach, but it failed to send him flying. The instant that Shen Jian stepped forward, he immediately activated Reinforced Iron Bones. Under this skill's effect, his Striker wouldn't be pushed back by the knockback. Immediately afterwards, he made his counterattack towards Soft Mist. Suddenly, a Satellite Beam descended from the sky, completely enveloping him. Wu Chen's Dawn Rifle had shot out a high-level skill in coordination with Soft Mist's attack.　</p>
    <p>Tang Rou didn't fight with Shen Jian. She had Soft Mist circle around and attack Zhang Jiaxin's Cleric, Woven Shadow.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiaxin deserved to be the healer for a powerhouse like Team Excellent Era. he didn't panic. In the team competition, the healer was often a priority target. Staying calm in these situations was a fundamental trait that every healer needed. As someone qualified to be part of a powerhouse's starting line up, he obviously wouldn't be lacking in this regard.</p>
    <p>The instant Shen Jian did his job, Zhang Jiaxin had his Cleric retreat. In these situations, the healer needed to win as much time as possible because no team would let their healer die so easily. When a healer was attacked, the team would immediately come to save him, so the healer needed to minimize the losses they would take during this period of time and coordinate with his teammates coming to the rescue.</p>
    <p>As Zhang Jiaxin had Woven Shadow retreat, he grasped his current situation. Excellent Era's formation was still intact. As soon as Happy launched their ambush, Life Extinguisher changed directions and went back to assist his team's Cleric. This was already enough to make Zhang Jiaxin feel at peace.</p>
    <p>3v4. With Excellent Era's strength, Zhang Jiaxin felt like there shouldn't be any problem.</p>
    <p>With this support, Zhang Jiaxin became even more calm. When he saw Soft Mist charge directly towards him, he had his Woven Shadow retreat even faster. Kiting Tang Rou for some time was doable for Zhang Jiaxin, but doing that wasn't smart. Zhang Jiaxin grasped Happy's formation. Tang Rou's Soft Mist was at the very front and, from what he understood, despite this player being very pretty, her aggressiveness on stage didn't lose out to any male player. Zhang Jiaxin had his Woven Shadow continue to retreat. He wanted to lure Soft Mist in further to pull her away from her team. That way, when Excellent Era counterattacked, she would become Happy's burden.</p>
    <p>In this short instant, being able to come up with this kind of plan was enough to show his worth as an experienced player, but when he saw the way Soft Mist was holding her spear, Zhang Jiaxin suddenly felt like something wasn't right.</p>
    <p>"Behind you!" Before Zhang Jiaxin could yell out his warning, Soft Mist already turned around 180 degrees and thrust forward with her spear. Magic waves surged forth. It was a Rising Dragon Soars the Sky. At this distance, it would be a back attack.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>Shen Jian had been struggling due to the combo from Dawn Rifle's Satellite Beam. At the same time, he had to pay attention to all of the other members of Happy. Soft Mist didn't attack him and instead circled around, so he naturally thought that she was going for their Cleric. As a result, he didn't even think that Soft Mist would be circling around to attack him from behind. It was an extremely powerful attack too.　</p>
    <p>After being hit, he was sent flying away. By activating Reinforced Iron Bones, he could resist the effects of most attacks, but a high-level skill like Rising Dragon Soars the Sky had grab priority, the one flaw of Reinforced Iron Bones.</p>
    <p>He was sent flying. As a result, it wasn't Soft Mist splitting apart from the team, but him. He landed in a location, where Qiao Yifan had set up numerous ghost boundaries. From this, it could be seen that Happy had been plotting a one-wave offense the entire time.</p>
  </body>
</html>
