<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1088: Disparity</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1088: Disparity</h1>
    <p>A 5v5 confrontation is absolutely not the same thing as a 100v100 battle. Although pro players were admittedly very skilled, much better than the average player, they only had the background of a pro. On the other hand, Ye Xiu's year and a half of madness in the online game, frequently fighting and stealing bosses had greatly increased his skill level in this aspect, revealing a great disparity.</p>
    <p>Pro players admittedly had a higher level of tactical understanding, but but on this kind of stage, they weren't necessarily better than the club guild leaders at maintaining balance and control. In situations like these, pro players relied more on their overwhelming ability in order to stop their opponents from seeing their plans to fruition, and using their skill to directly tear their enemies apart. Except now, hidden within the opponent's army was an individual of unparalleled skill in online battles: Ye Xiu. This gap was one that they had no way of closing at the moment.</p>
    <p>Dragon SwordsmanKnight directly charged at Su Mucheng's Launcher, charging into a few groups of guild troops. As they charged their hands did not stay still, instead swinging their swords wildly left and right. It was as if these few guilds had drawn the aggro of an OTed boss. What made this more awkward was the fact that, although they had no way of controlling this situation, they also couldn't just sit around and do nothing. Su Mucheng's Launcher was still moving, leading the Dragon Swordsman through the opposing armies to dish out damage and kill.</p>
    <p>Focus fire on Su Mucheng?</p>
    <p>It wasn't as if they hadn't thought of this, but Launchers possessed the greatest range. It wouldn't be easy to focus fire on her location. Furthermore, with a controller as skilled as Su Mucheng, this wasn't really realistic ...</p>
    <p>"Charge at Happy!!" At this moment, no one was sure who suddenly came forth with this idea, directly shouting this out from within the crowd. The people who heard it thought it sounded reasonable. They immediately ignored he Dragon Swordsman and charged towards the players of Guild Happy.</p>
    <p>However, Happy's players had long prepared for this. As soon as they saw that several of the guilds were planning to join forces to attack them, they immediately turned and ran without another word. Moreover, they split up as they ran. Their entire army had dispersed at a moment's notice, throwing everything into disorder.</p>
    <p>At a time like this, should they chase or not chase? Who should they chase? How far should they chase? All of the pro players once again felt very confused, not knowing what to do. It was the guild leaders of the various guilds who, incomparably experienced when it came to these battles, seeing that Happy appeared to want to lure them away, immediately frantically went to check on the location of the boss.</p>
    <p>Because of the careful avoidance of these few guilds, the Dragon Swordsman charged outwards from amidst their troops, continuing to throw himself straight at Su Mucheng's Launcher.</p>
    <p>As for Su Mucheng's Launcher? At this moment she had indeed run very far away. Sure enough, she was trying to bring the boss away ...</p>
    <p>"Watch the boss! Pull it back!"</p>
    <p>Every single one of the large guilds panicked. They hadn't come here to battle with Happy. What was the point of fighting for this long if the boss was going to be stolen away like this? This was the bad thing about wild bosses; they weren't like normal bosses, which were restricted to a certain area. Those bosses, if brought too far away, would automatically reset and return to their areas. But for wild bosses, the whole map could be seen as their permitted movement area. If you had the capability to continuously drag the boss around without being hacked to death, then you could take it to travel the entire world. 1  **</p>
    <p>Once the various guilds noticed that Happy was trying to steal Dragon Swordsman, how could they just ignore it? Outputting damage to pull back the aggro wasn't something that could be done in just the blink of an eye. At a time like this, they obviously had to rely on Knights' aggro skills to forcefully control the boss. For a moment, Knights charged forward from every guild, all using Provoke against the Dragon Swordsman.</p>
    <p>The effects of Provoke could override another instance of the same skill. All of these players fired off this skill at once, and for a moment, no one could tell whose skill had ultimately taken effect. In short, Dragon Swordsman charged back like a fiend. Every guild hastily adjusted their Knights' rhythm, methodologically trying to establish control. Seeing that her purpose had not been achieved, Su Mucheng once again fired back, bombing indiscriminately from afar. But if one was truly talking about generating aggro without taking damage output into account, then Knights were the one class that generated the most aggro. With the addition of specialized aggo control skills, their advantage in this respect was unparalleled among the classes.</p>
    <p>Although a vast majority of the Knight players present could in no way compete with Su Mucheng, let's not forget that there were also pro players present! Currently, Xu Bin was the Number One Knight player in the Alliance, and so naturally he was also the one who stood out most among the Knights. Ultimately, it was him who pulled the aggro of Dragon Swordsman.</p>
    <p>…</p>
    <p>Thus, Dragon Swordsman target became Herb Garden. This wasn't a situation that Tiny Herb wanted to see. Fortunately, the aggro currently on Xu Bin was only because of a CC skill, so it wasn't stable.</p>
    <p>Should they release it once again? Xu Bin was at a loss. They had pulled it back, but now they wanted both to release it and to not release it. This kind of back and forth, what did it mean? He couldn't seem to figure it out himself.</p>
    <p>Kill Su Mucheng first?</p>
    <p>Someone had thought of this, but when they took a look at the situation again, Su Mucheng fired a few shots and then started running as if she had given up. However, Xu Bin, who was keeping the boss's aggro under control, was very clear that the boss's aggro was still on Su Mucheng's Launcher. If he released the boss, the boss would immediately run in that direction. However, if he didn't and established the aggro, wouldn't Herb Garden become the target of everyone?</p>
    <p>At this time Xu Bin felt embarrassed, not knowing how to proceed.</p>
    <p>"Release!" In the end, it was still Wang Jiexi who made the decision. Not releasing would be unfortunate for their Herb Garden, but releasing the boss would at least bring misfortune to all of the other guilds too.</p>
    <p>Xu Bin released the boss, and the Dragon Swordsman charged out. All the surrounding Knights all stood stupidly, not knowing how to proceed. For now, none of them wanted the aggro of the boss, yet they also couldn't just let Happy lead it away. They couldn't block, but they also couldn't not block. Then, what should they do?</p>
    <p>"Follow the boss, and push Happy away!" Finally, someone came out with a suggestion. The Dragon Swordsman was currently chasing after Su Mucheng. There was no way her Launcher could single-handedly lead the boss along forever; the other side would definitely need to send people to block the Dragon Swordsman in order to buy her some time. Couldn't they then just chase after the boss, while also seizing the chance to roll over Happy?</p>
    <p>As a result, they all swarmed, charging forward. On Happy's side, everyone also swarmed, helping Su Mucheng buy time. They actually managed to utilize the strength of the entire guild.</p>
    <p>Both sides thoroughly collided at last. At this moment, Herb Garden, Blue Brook Guild, Blossom Valley, and Void Walk felt that they had a common enemy, surprisingly banding together to fight against Happy. Happy's players were put on defense, yet they were still unable to withstand the combined offensive of these four guilds. When it came to the strength of normal players, they were inferior to these professional guilds.</p>
    <p>"Not good!"</p>
    <p>As a result, these guilds bullied Happy with glee, only to suddenly discover that even as Happy's players risked everything in order to defend their position, the Dragon Swordsman had already been led even further away. Already, they had lost sight of Su Mucheng's Launcher. The Dragon Swordsman's silhouette also disappeared behind the mountainside in the blink of an eye.</p>
    <p>Within the four guilds, normal players and pros alike broke into chaos. How could they continue to pay attention to the players from Happy in front of them? So this giant crowd was just a distraction after all. Now, Dragon Swordsman had completely escaped from their frame of view. What corner would he be dragged off to now, to be secretly killed?</p>
    <p>Several hundred people hurried chased over, only to realize that the mountain was far too tall, and the earth far too vast. It was as if the Dragon Swordsman had never spawned at all. Where would they even begin to search? The various guilds scattered their troops, dispatching them to go search. As for the pro players, they all seemed a bit lost. They couldn't figure out how Happy had led the Dragon Swordsman away, just like that ...</p>
    <p>This would need a thorough tactical analysis.</p>
    <p>.</p>
    <p>The pro players naturally pondered the problem from their customary point of view. Just like when they carefully reviewed their opponents strategies after a match, they felt that the situation that had just come to pass should also be analyzed thus.</p>
    <p>The online game was extremely easy for pro players since they didn't have any opponents at their level. However, when an opponent at a high skill level appeared, then the game became quite a bit more complicated than even normal pro matches.</p>
    <p>None of the players that had been sent out to search for the Dragon Swordsman had brought back any news, right up until the point where the system announced that the Dragon Swordsman had been slain by Guild Happy. As for where this had occurred, and who had participated, the club guilds surprisingly had no clue.</p>
    <p>Everyone present was dejected, gloomily going through the motions of cleaning up in the aftermath. Those who could respawn did so, and any dropped equipment was picked up. In this process, it was difficult to avoid altercations with the other guilds. Still, no large scale confrontations occurred. These players all had habits acquired through years of works, and they normally wouldn't argue over such small issues. The aftermath of a boss being stolen felt like the aftermath of a professional match, continuing to fight seemed completely pointless. After all, they were all guilds that had grown so large. Killing each other wasn't going to destroy a guild. For example, after Samsara's championship victory last year, Blue Brook Guild and Guild Samsara had engaged in a brutal conflict, the fires of war spreading throughout the world of Glory from guild members to wild fans alike. The result? It could only be said that both sides had suffered. After all, this was an online game, a character that died could respawn in the blink of an eye. It was true that equipment could drop, but it could also be picked up, turning into a back and forth cycle of you drop I pick and vice versa. Ultimately, which side profited? Neither, because in the end both sides would suffer losses. Only some lucky passerbyers stood to gain.</p>
    <p>Thus, these kinds of battles were something the guild managers tried to avoid at all costs. It was only after important competitions, when the fans felt the need to vent, that the guilds felt compelled to stand firmly beside them. Even though they knew very well that this was not the sensible thing to do, they didn't really have a choice. They could only think of it as a tax of sorts to the fans.</p>
    <p>But now, they had simply lost a wild boss, and their feelings were unlikely to be that strong. The various players all felt a bit like they couldn't really compete against Ye Xiu, yet the guild leaders were all desensitized at this point. Bringing in the cream of the crop to compete against Ye Xiu, and still losing the wild boss to Happy? Wasn't this just another day in Glory?</p>
    <p>Except ... their guild had now brought pro players into the game as well. How come Happy could still so easily carry out their plans? This question was one that the various players from the club guilds couldn't really find an answer to. In their eyes, pro players were in a completely different league. Whether they hadn't played the online game for a long time, or had only played a little, Ye Xiu's presence for the past year and a half was a very valid reason for their failures. But they had completely neglected this battle ... just when would they win?</p>
  </body>
</html>
