<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 87 – I Feel Like None of You Slept</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 87 – I Feel Like None of You Slept</h1>
    <p>Chen Guo quickly tidied everything up and then appeared in the Internet Cafe like the wind. While the employees all greeted her with “Morning Boss”, her gaze fell on Tang Rou in the non-smoking area. Her expression was the same as when Chen Guo went to sleep: concentrated without the slightest hint of tiredness. She ran to the smoking area and her gaze fell onto another person. Ye Xiu was over here smoking, taking in clouds and puffing out fog. In that cloud of smoke, the rough outline of his figure could be seen playing the game.</p>
    <p>Early in the morning! This was the time of day when the Internet Cafe was the most empty. There were even fewer guests now than when the guests were pulling all-nighters. The sounds of these two playing crisply echoed throughout the Internet Cafe. You once, me once, pa pa pa pa.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo ignored Ye Xiu and first went over to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>。</p>
    <p>“Still playing. You’re asking to die.” Chen Guo closed in while speaking.</p>
    <p>No response. Tang Rou was wearing her headphones, which only allowed her to hear the game noises. The Chen Guo next to her simply wasn’t with her in the same world.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo could only step forward and take off her headphones. Only then did Tang Rou respond.</p>
    <p>“You got up so early!” Tang Rou turned her head to look at Chen Guo for half a second and then turned back to the game, pa pa pa pa.</p>
    <p>“You’ve gone mad from playing.” Chen Guo was helpless. She was starting to feel a little skeptical on whether pulling Tang Rou into Glory was the right thing to do.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha.” Tang Rou laughed, but didn’t say anything.</p>
    <p>“What level?” Chen Guo went up to look.</p>
    <p>“Level 16. I’m still off from Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim by 5 levels.” Tang Rou said this and opened up her friends list. After seeing Lord Grim’s name, she cried out in surprise: “Woah, he leveled up again. He’s Level 22 now.”</p>
    <p>“So competitive! Finish this dungeon and then go to sleep. Once you’re done resting, you can go back and play.” Chen Guo saw that Tang Rou’s Soft Mist was in the beginner village’s Skeleton Graveyard fighting in close quarters. She was soloing it too. Who would believe that this was a Glory noob?</p>
    <p>“What sleep? It’s almost time for me to go to work.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was startled. That was true. Today, Tang Rou had the morning work shift. Normally, she would already be sitting at the reception desk.</p>
    <p>“I’ll go once I’m out of this dungeon!” Tang Rou smiled at Chen Guo. No matter how good their relationship was, in the end there was still a boss-to-employee relationship. Tang Rou also had work to do in the Internet Cafe. She wasn’t eating for free or living here for free, only playing here for free.</p>
    <p>“First rest a bit! I’ll ask someone to switch with you.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“No need, no need.” Tang Rou chatted with Chen Guo while her hands never stopped moving. This night, through the guides and the game, Tang Rou had learned how to use the Battle Mage’s low-level skills. Tang Rou had improved a lot and was already different from before, not completely relying on reaction speed and hand speed to play.</p>
    <p>“Okay!” Under Chen Guo’s watch, Tang Rou’s Soft Mist soloed the Spider Cave’s final BOSS. After logging out of the game and shutting off the computer, she immediately headed towards the reception desk. Chen Guo silently followed her and then when she reached the reception desk, Tang Rou had already logged back into the game.</p>
    <p>“We should at least eat something, right?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“You haven’t eaten either? Thanks!” Tang Rou laughed as if she had won a favor.</p>
    <p>“I don’t know what to say!” Chen Guo forced a smile. She went out to buy breakfast and then returned to give Tang Rou a portion. She even brought a portion for Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Ah! Boss, you’re too kind.” Ye Xiu took the breakfast and said, “I didn’t help put a blanket over you yesterday night. Did you sleep well last night?”</p>
    <p>“Both of you are mad!” Chen Guo thought of the rooms that clearly had three people living in them. But when she woke up, she found that she was the only one there.</p>
    <p>“Oh? Little Tang didn’t sleep either?” Ye Xiu said and opened up his friends list to check. Sure enough, Soft Mist was still online.</p>
    <p>“You didn’t know?” Chen Guo stared blankly. Don’t tell me these two didn’t say anything to each other over the entire night? Tang Rou was chasing after this guy’s level, but this guy actually didn’t know at all.</p>
    <p>“I didn’t notice. Perfect. I still have something I need to talk with her about!” Ye Xiu took his breakfast and ran to look for Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Tang Rou was eating her breakfast while looking at a Battle Mage guide. Seeing Ye Xiu come over, she immediately swallowed the food in her mouth. After wiping her mouth, she nodded her head and said hello.</p>
    <p>“What level are you?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>”</p>
    <p>“Level 16.”</p>
    <p>“How quick! Hurry up and get to Level 25. There’ll be something fun to do.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?” What thing?’ Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Have you seen the Frost Forest clear record?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I saw it. It looks like your record was broken!” Tang Rou said. She followed the records pretty closely because she had originally wanted to surpass Ye Xiu. But in the end, she didn’t think that someone had already beaten that night. One of them was even Ye Xiu’s own party. Tang Rou saw Lord Grim’s name on the second place party. It was a much better time than his original one too.</p>
    <p>“It didn’t only beat my record. It’s the highest clear record in all ten of Glory’s servers.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You want to take it back?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Yup. Fun, right?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If you take it back and then I beat yours, that’d be even more fun.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“When were we enemies!” Ye Xiu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. It looked like this sister really did want to beat him.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha.” Tang Rou laughed.</p>
    <p>“When you get to Level 20, try out the dungeon for yourself first! It looks to me like you’re looking down on this record too much.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>。</p>
    <p>“I was just kidding. The highest record in all ten of Glory’s servers must be amazing.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, then hurry up and level then!” Ye Xiu let out a sigh. He was worried that this girl might be a bit too conceited.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Tang Rou nodded her head.</p>
    <p>“Are you sleeping tonight?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I……”</p>
    <p>“Hey! You two are going too far!!!” Chen Guo suddenly jumped out to interrupt them. After hearing this, it looked like these two weren’t going to sleep. Did they need to play so crazily?</p>
    <p>“Relax boss. It won’t interfere with work.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No good. The Internet Cafe’s computers are all mine. I won’t let you play on them.” Chen Guo said unreasonably.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu let out a sigh. He knocked on the reception desk: “Little Tang, open up a membership card for me.”</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was startled, but then immediately went to do it while mumbling to herself: “Then I’ll open up one too!”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo fell apart. She really was going to die from anger! The more irritating part was that Tang Rou was also going to follow what he said blindly. She’s ruined, ruined! She’s only played Glory for a day and she’s already ruined.</p>
    <p>“I won’t care about you guys then.” Chen Guo ran off in anger.</p>
    <p>“Cough, hurry up and level.” Ye Xiu didn’t mention the membership card and told Tang Rou to take care. He went back to the smoking area to continue struggling.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou’s morning shift went from 7 in the morning to 3 in the afternoon. Business in the morning was relatively slow, so she wasn’t very busy and could still play. In the afternoon, guests gradually began to flow in. The reception desk was a bit too busy for her. She could only play the game on and off, but she still continued to persevere.</p>
    <p>However, Ye Xiu stopped when it was noon. He ran over to check on Tang Rou and saw that she was still playing even under such busy conditions. It really wasn’t easy.</p>
    <p>“You’re really not going to sleep?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I have the morning shift. I don’t get off until 3.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Ye Xiu replied, “You still have to pay attention to your sleep. Physical strength greatly influences your ability to play, too.”</p>
  </body>
</html>
