<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 117 – Specially Substituting In</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 117 – Specially Substituting In</h1>
    <p>“It looks like you’re afraid of me!” Liu Hao said gleefully and constantly thought this in his heart.</p>
    <p>He was already clear what Ye Xiu’s plans were. Getting hired, setting records, being rewarded with uncommon materials, upgrading his Silver weapon, the steps were just that simple. But if he wanted to continue doing it like this, then he had to take the highest record for each dungeon. Ye Xiu understood this point, Liu Hao as well.</p>
    <p>For Frost Forest’s dungeon record, Liu Hao had specially come out because he knew Lord Grim was Ye Qiu, so he wanted to step down on him. But now that he understood how important this record was. He would spare no efforts and planned on gathering five pro-players to set the Boneyard record.</p>
    <p>As for Ye Xiu, he had thought hard with all his might in order to come up a new strategy for this record. This was clearly because he knew that his opponent was Liu Hao, whose strength was powerful. If he contested with the usual strategy, then he would certainly lose just like how he did in Frost Forest.</p>
    <p>“I’ve said so long ago. Your era is over. It’s my era now!” Liu Hao continued to dungeon with everyone else, but was already no longer as attentive as before. After all, the class combination he was planning on using was completely different from this party, so there was no way he could completely copy the strategy word-for-word. He already knew what he needed to know. What he needed now was to practice it. Fortunately, his party members were all pro-players. With their pro-level inner qualities, getting to this level of coordination definitely wouldn’t be as difficult to do as Ye Qiu’s inferior party.</p>
    <p>“Tsk tsk tsk, how pitiful!” In game, Ye Xiu constantly reminded Tang Rou, Steamed Bun Invasion, and Hateful Sword to pay attention to this and that. Hearing all this, Liu Hao was extremely satisfied. Before, it wasn’t as if he had never been instructed like this. However, this was his first time feeling happy about it. Thinking of this, Liu Hao’s hand slipped and he made another pathing mistake. Just as expected, Ye Xiu immediately instructed anxiously: “Hateful Sword, move back two steps. You went too far.”</p>
    <p>“Okay!” Liu Hao answered. In his heart, he was secretly laughing as he moved back two steps. He had the impulse to make a movement that would destroy the entire strategy, but in order to stay in the group for the long-term, he tried hard to endure. As long as he maintained Steamed Bun’s level of playing, he would be fine.</p>
    <p>These four runs were finally completed. Because the new strategy had too many details, to players lacking experience and knowledge like Tang Rou and Steamed Bun, it could only be learned by learning it mechanically, making it seem extremely difficult. Liu Hao had grasped it long ago. But in order to keep up the act, after running the dungeon four times, he also said with lament: “So difficult!”</p>
    <p>“That’s why you have to try harder. Got it?” In the end, he was once again lectured by Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“We’ll practice again tomorrow!” Ye Xiu sighed. He wasn’t very satisfied with today. As expected, complicated strategies completely exposed the weaknesses of Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion, these types of new players.</p>
    <p>“Are we going to go to Frost Forest?” Liu Hao asked. He was incomparably happy right now.</p>
    <p>“Not right now!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay, then I’ll be going off now. See you tomorrow!” Liu Hao said goodbye to everyone and then went offline. He swiped his account card and ran to Boneyard. Taking advantage of the fact that the strategy was still fresh in his mind, he went in to review it. Based on their class combination, he also did his own homework.</p>
    <p>“It’s a little troublesome, right?” In Happy Internet Cafe, carrying her tea cup, Tang Rou went to the reception desk to look for Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Yeah…….” Ye Xiu admitted.</p>
    <p>“Practice for a few more days?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“If time drags on for too long, then the record won’t be worth anything anymore.” Ye Xiu said helplessly.</p>
    <p>“Is there any other way to practice?” Tang Rou was more eager to face difficulties than anyone else. Having a limit of four runs every day didn’t make her feel good.</p>
    <p>“There is!!” This question reminded Ye Xiu of something and he immediately thought of a place.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun, Steamed Bun.” Ye Xiu called in the game.</p>
    <p>“Here!” Steamed Bun Invasion replied.</p>
    <p>“Come here. We’re going to keep practicing.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I don’t have any entries left!”</p>
    <p>“We’re going to practice somewhere else.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Where?”</p>
    <p>“Skeleton Graveyard.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Skeleton Graveyard, a beginner village dungeon, was obviously different than Boneyard. However, there were definitely a few similarities between them. More importantly, there was no entry limit, so they could practice however many times they wanted to.</p>
    <p>“Buy a random low-leveled weapon in beginner village. We’re going to practice slowly.” Ye Xiu sent Steamed Bun Invasion a message while saying it to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“Cleansing Mist and Hateful Sword aren’t on anymore!” After meeting up with everyone, Tang Rou noted.</p>
    <p>“It doesn’t matter. We’ll practice first.” Ye Xiu led the two into the dungeon. He himself obviously didn’t have any problems using the strategy. The most important part was getting the other player’s coordination up to par. Right now, Tang Rou, Steamed Bun Invasion, and Hateful Sword made too many mistakes. Although they weren’t fatal, they were definitely enough to stop them from setting a record.</p>
    <p>Skeleton Graveyard’s and Boneyard’s terrain were different, but the monster models and spawn points were very similar. In Skeleton Graveyard, the monsters were randomly distributed, so occasionally, they would be distributed similarly to their arrangement in Boneyard. Plus, with Ye Xiu’s ability to control monsters, it really made the scenario extremely similar.</p>
    <p>The three spent the night soaking in Skeleton Graveyard. It didn’t need to be said that Tang Rou silently and stubbornly worked hard. Steamed Bun Invasion, on the other hand, talked a lot. He would talk for awhile and then another while. His mouth just kept on moving like a train. However, he also worked hard and practiced with the other two. This was all because of love. An idiot’s deep love for the game.</p>
    <p>They had to practice, but their levels couldn’t fall too far behind. After a few days, Lord Grim was the first to reach Level 27. He didn’t know how often this Blue River checked his level. But less than a minute after he hit Level 27, Blue River sent a message: “Boneyard, Boneyard. I’m not too late, right???”</p>
    <p>“No…….” Ye XIu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, what do you want this time?” Blue River asked. This was a question that he was quite concerned about.</p>
    <p>“Vampiric Lightsaber.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What a coincidence!” Blue River’s cheeks streamed with tears.</p>
    <p>“Hm?”</p>
    <p>“I’m using a Vampiric Lightsaber right now.” Blue River cried.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you almost Level 30?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“It’s an Orange weapon, brother. There’s no need to switch weapons at Level 30.” Blue River said.</p>
    <p>“It doesn’t matter if it’s Orange, it’s still a low-leveled weapon. It’s just like floating clouds.” Ye Xiu comforted.</p>
    <p>“What else do you need?” Blue River was aware that his demands couldn’t be as simple as just a single Vampiric Lightsaber.</p>
    <p>“Eight Bone Spines!” Ye Xiu said. This was an uncommon material from Boneyard’s hidden BOSS Rotten Skeleton Sheep.</p>
    <p>“Okay….. but no more!” Blue River replied.</p>
    <p>“Okay. But setting the record for Boneyard is going to be a bit difficult. This time, I want to directly bring a party of five members. We’ll then play for your guild, after joining it. Is that okay?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“This….. that won’t look too good for us, no?” Blue River hesitated.</p>
    <p>“The fight for dungeon records is very intense right now!” I have to do everything I can.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay then……” After thinking for a bit, Blue River agreed.</p>
    <p>“We’ll start tomorrow!”</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
    <p>Their conversation had already ended, when Cold Night sent his message: “Boneyard!!!”</p>
    <p>“Blue Brook Guild…….” Ye Xiu’s message was very simple.</p>
    <p>“F*ck! When did you get to Level 27?” Cold Night asked.</p>
    <p>“Five minutes ago!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Sigh, sigh, sigh. Then I pray for your success.” Cold Night showed his grace.</p>
    <p>“Brother…….” Blue River sent another message at this time.</p>
    <p>“What?” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Are you planning on doing things like this, substituting in and setting records, for the long-term?” Blue River asked.</p>
    <p>“That’s what I’m planning on doing for now……” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then if it’s like this, if you keep on pulling along your party, then I’m afraid you won’t be able to continue doing this for more than a few times, no?” Blue River said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu sighed. How could he not know what Blue River was talking about? Although he could join a guild and then hang the guild’s name up on the record, if he kept on bringing along a fixed party with the same set of players, then if it was today Tyrannical Ambition and tomorrow Blue Brook Guild, everyone would see eventually see through it. Although the dungeon record was technically the guild’s, everyone would know what their party was doing: it meant that this record was bought with money. For guilds, records were supposed to be a way to advertise themselves and represent a guild’s strength. However, in this way, that would no longer hold any meaning.</p>
    <p>In the beginning, Ye Xiu hadn’t thought of pulling along a set party. He had originally wanted to rely on his own strength and mix in with others to set a record, similar to how he had cooperated with Blue River and his guild members the first time. He had led them through One Wave Rush, which was already more than enough to surpass normal players. Their identity was relatively forgettable, so when he left the party in the end, it wasn’t too noticeable. However, because Liu Hao came out and substituted in for Excellent Dynasty, a pro-level record was set. As a result, Ye Xiu had no choice but to pull along a somewhat elite party to resolve the situation.</p>
    <p>In fact, actual substitution should have been like how Liu Hao was doing it. He would use the other side’s provided account, which wouldn’t expose his identity. Ye Xiu directly using Lord Grim and making a reputation for himself already couldn’t be considered as substitution.</p>
    <p>“Let’s discuss this later!” There was nothing he could do right now. “ “Brother, why not just join our guild for the long term? We’ll reward you according to your needs. How about specially substituting in for our guild?” Blue River said his true intentions.</p>
    <p>“Sell out!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“You wouldn’t lose out in any way, no? If you’re not happy, you can just leave. We won’t stop you.” Blue River said.</p>
    <p>“This…. Let me think about it!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay, let’s talk about this after you’ve finished setting a record for Boneyard.” Blue River said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu laughed. As expected, Boneyard really was a test for him. Blue River also needed to see whether his record would be beaten by someone else.</p>
    <p>The next day. Everyone depended on the next day. Ye Xiu silently thought. He rushed over to Boneyard and did a final practice for the final day.</p>
    <p>They had already successfully worn in, so they emphasized the details today. They couldn’t have any mistakes. They couldn’t be careless when they went for the record-setting run. Between Level 27 and 28, Even though they could keep practicing for a few more days if they only went to Boneyard, then they might find it difficult to concentrate when carrying this casual, stress-free attitude into the record-setting run. In this area, what they all needed was Tang Rou’s spirit! If they were going to do it, then they had to do it until they were the best.</p>
    <p>At midnight the next day, the five players gathered together in front of Boneyard. Ye Xiu once again stressed this sort of spirit. Afterwards, he ran to the side and prayed silently to himself. He prayed that no customer would come to him with a problem while he was dungeoning.</p>
  </body>
</html>
