<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1490 - Escape Isn't the Goal</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1490 - Escape Isn't the Goal</h1>
    <p>It was as if a flash grenade had been thrown at the audience. Trying to figure out what those blurry figures were doing amidst the dazzling light required rich experience.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s experience at doing so was second to none. If the Hundred Blossoms Style blinded even him, then that would be heaven’s biggest joke.</p>
    <p>Several blurry figures instantly vanished. It just looked like random flashes, but there was purpose behind each flash. No matter how skilled Zhang Jiale was, there was no way for him to use a single skill to cover all four corners simultaneously. The light that enshrouded the room, whether real, fake, attacks, or feints, was carefully arranged by Zhang Jiale.</p>
    <p>Unable to differentiate between what was real and what was fake, how could Mo Fan’s Deception escape?</p>
    <p>Practically no one believed he could. They couldn’t even see what was happening inside as spectators. How could Mo Fan fare any better?</p>
    <p>They were gravely mistaken.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was completely different from them, and the one who felt it most clearly was Mo Fan’s opponent, Zhang Jiale.</p>
    <p>The hundred blossoms had only just bloomed, when he noticed that Mo Fan had started making adjustments towards his shadow clones.</p>
    <p>The viewers had vaguely observed that several shadows had vanished in an instant.</p>
    <p>It was four!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale knew the exact number.</p>
    <p>Then, another four.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was trying to break apart Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s offense. He didn’t get confused by the blinding light, quickly figuring out what was real and what was not.</p>
    <p>For most viewers, everything was a blur to them.</p>
    <p>But to Mo Fan, this chaos wasn’t nearly enough to confuse him.</p>
    <p>He had faced countless chaotic situations before. This chaos was never from just one or two people, but a group of them.</p>
    <p>When he had searched for a way to escape from predicaments as a scrap picker, the obstructions weren’t from just one or two classes, but rather a variety of classes.</p>
    <p>Chaotic?</p>
    <p>Not at all!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s life as a scrap picker had been chaotic. Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms style had structure.</p>
    <p>Four shadows split apart, and then another four.</p>
    <p>“Damn!” Mo Fan had surprised Zhang Jiale again.</p>
    <p>His Hundred Blossoms encirclement had been broken through, and the reason was because his attacks had structure to them.</p>
    <p>And the structure had been grasped by Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>If Ye Xiu had done it, perhaps Zhang Jiale wouldn’t have been so surprised, but he was currently facing a young rookie.</p>
    <p>“The kid’s got talent in this area!” Sun Zheping smiled from the audience. He was no longer teammates with Zhang Jiale. Otherwise, he would have certainly warned Zhang Jiale. Mo Fan’s skill at escaping was far greater than anyone could imagine. Even with the Hundred Blossoms style, trying to trap him would require even more focus. Mo Fan had grown in chaos.</p>
    <p>Scrap picker…</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping also felt interested, thinking of Mo Fan’s background. There had never been any pro players now or in the past who had that sort of background.</p>
    <p>It was the result of a person training what they were best at in the most suitable environment for them. The outcome was superb and didn’t lack individuality. It wasn’t something that could be molded from the pipeline-like training camps of the pro Clubs.</p>
    <p>He possessed godlike skill in his expertise. When Sun Zheping had been at Happy, he and Ye Xiu had privately acknowledged it. And at that time, Mo Fan couldn’t even fit in with the team!</p>
    <p>Now, he was expanding his expertise. Not only would it be used for scrap picking, but for PvP on the pro stage.</p>
    <p>If he became more all-rounded and flexible, not like how rigid his playstyle was right now, a God of a new generation would certainly appear.</p>
    <p>But… with his personality, would he be able to round out his playstyle? When Sun Zheping had been in Happy, Ye Xiu had already been worried about this issue.</p>
    <p>But even if it didn’t turn out to be successful, Mo Fan would still be a formidable player.</p>
    <p>Godslayer?</p>
    <p>That wasn’t a coincidence or a joke.</p>
    <p>When the battle shifted towards his domain, he could crush even Gods.</p>
    <p>“If he doesn’t notice this, he’ll definitely be eaten!” Sun Zheping thought in his heart.</p>
    <p>On stage.</p>
    <p>Ka.</p>
    <p>The sound of a door opening.</p>
    <p>Inside and outside were two different worlds.</p>
    <p>One side was chaotic, the other side was calm.</p>
    <p>Deception had reached the outside. He had escaped to the calm side.</p>
    <p>The crowd cheered loudly.</p>
    <p>“Godslayer!!” Happy’s fans shouted excitedly. It was as if Mo Fan wasn’t escaping from a predicament, but rather that he had killed his opponent in one hit. Their cheers also showed just how nervous Happy’s fans had been.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans sighed, seeing his astonishing escape.</p>
    <p>To think he could escape, and to think it would be so normal, opening the door and running out.</p>
    <p>Was Zhang Jiale too old? He couldn’t even suppress a rookie? Quite a few people had these sort of thoughts. Even Pan Lin and Li Yibo wanted to say it, but in the end, they only said that Zhang Jiale was a bit slower than Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>Why was he slower? Because he was getting old… the two didn’t say these words.</p>
    <p>But Sun Zheping laughed.</p>
    <p>He didn’t care who won or lost this match, but when he saw his former teammate performing well, he couldn’t help but smile.</p>
    <p>“How steady.” Sun Zheping’s gaze was focused on Dazzling Hundred Blossoms and the light that hadn’t yet dissipated.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was able to find an opening in the hundred blossoms through his scrap-picking skills.</p>
    <p>But he was no longer a scrap picker. He was a pro player, and he was constantly fixing his habits.</p>
    <p>As a result, besides escaping, he had another choice.</p>
    <p>Attack the opponent.</p>
    <p>Escape didn’t mean he won. The only way to win was to kill the opponent. Mo Fan knew this point clearly. Gradually, killing the opponent became a higher priority than escaping.</p>
    <p>When he had broken through the chaos, Mo Fan’s first thought was no longer to escape, but to use the opening he saw to attack his opponent!</p>
    <p>But this time, he had chosen Deception to escape because he couldn’t find an opportunity to attack. After the disturbances from the eight shadows, a huge adjustment was made to the hundred blossoms.</p>
    <p>It still covered the room and alternated between real and fake.</p>
    <p>However, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had erected an impenetrable defense.</p>
    <p>As a result, Mo Fan could not choose to attack. He could only run away.</p>
    <p>The two players knew of this detail and so did the pro players watching. But besides them, the rest were discussing how Zhang Jiale was slower.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale, who they had just commented on being slow, suddenly sped up. The light and shadow from the Hundred Blossoms style seemed to flow out of that door to the next room.</p>
    <p>Kakakaka…</p>
    <p>The shockwaves kept pushing the door. It wanted to close but it could never close, constantly making an uncomfortable noise.</p>
    <p>Deception was hastily running away. Mo Fan hadn’t thought that Zhang Jiale would chase after him so quickly.</p>
    <p>But a few steps later, he realized that not only was his opponent pursuing him quickly, his opponent was pursuing him closely.</p>
    <p>Bullets, grenades, explosions, smoke, light, all of these seemed to be following him as if they were stuck to Deception’s feet.</p>
    <p>In countless hero movies, there was always a hero who ran around freely amidst a field of explosions, but the explosions would never hit.</p>
    <p>Deception was running madly, but the explosions kept following him. If this were a movie, the audience would have probably left their seats by now, seeing these narrow escapes again and again.</p>
    <p>I can’t get him off of me!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was surprised.</p>
    <p>This was what he was best at, but right now, he couldn’t get away from the pursuit.</p>
    <p>The dazzling light was like a wave that swept away everything behind Deception.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s Deception couldn’t stop. He even felt like there wasn’t enough time to look back.</p>
    <p>On the pro stage, there were at most 5v5 team battles, which couldn’t compare to the chaos that a scrap picker experienced in the game.</p>
    <p>However, he had never experienced such a crazed pursuit in the game.</p>
    <p>He couldn’t stop even for a second. If he stopped, the light would swallow him. Although Mo Fan had successfully escaped from that encirclement, that didn’t mean he could replicate that success. Both sides were people, not NPCs. Just because it worked once didn’t mean it would work again.</p>
    <p>I need to get away…</p>
    <p>Mo Fan seemed to have returned to the former days, where he would have countless people chasing after him. But he was sure that even in those situations, he had never felt such pressure before.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s Deception had been able to escape from those situations again and again.</p>
    <p>But this time, facing this one person’s pursuit, Mo Fan’s Deception fell.</p>
    <p>“Escape isn’t the goal. The only goal is to beat the opponent…” Sun Zheping sighed in his heart. He was happy about Zhang Jiale’s outstanding plays. But he also felt regret seeing Mo Fan’s defeat.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale, 1v2! He had beaten a half-health Ye Xiu and the “Godslayer” Mo Fan. The advantage that Ye Xiu had established was wiped away. Now, Team Tyranny had a 27% health advantage in this group arena.</p>
    <p>The stadium was silent. Happy’s fans hadn’t expected this outcome. In the end, Zhang Jiale was able to chase Mo Fan down to his death. This was their home field, yet they were lagging behind.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Happy’s third player stood up.</p>
    <p>“It looks like it’s my time to shine!” Fang Rui said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
