<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 605 – Times Have Changed</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 605 – Times Have Changed</h1>
    <p>Translator: Editor: </p>
    <p>Seeing how excited Chen Guo was, Ye Xiu didn’t want to pour any cold water on her mood. In reality, only he and Wei Chen were ready to go out on stage at any time. And even though Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion were talented and improved quickly, Tang Rou wasn’t just new to Glory, but new to gaming as well. It would be hard to avoid playing inconsistently. As for Steamed Bun Invasion, even though he was new to Glory, he clearly had prior experience in gaming. However, this guy had plenty of other stupid issues apart from Glory. His playing was even more inconsistent than Tang Rou’s. </p>
    <p>As for Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light, both of them had clear weaknesses and strengths. Their weaknesses limited their strengths too. If they couldn’t overcome these weaknesses, neither of them had the qualifications to even step onstage. The Challenger League obviously wouldn’t be as difficult as the Professional League, but they would still meet a few strong opponents. With their current skill, they definitely wouldn’t be able to handle it. </p>
    <p>Fortunately, there was still plenty of time before the Challenger League began. Moreover, the Challenger League had both fish and dragons mixed together. There would be strong opponents, but most of the participating players could be dealt with by Ye Xiu alone. After the teams, that were there just for the fun of it, were completely eliminated, there would be some time in between. During this time, Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light could continue to develop. Ye Xiu could only hope that these two could truly perform well when he needed them to. He didn’t expect them to immediately start shining as soon as they entered the Challenge League. </p>
    <p>In short, their team lacked relatively experienced players. Ye Xiu could only feel regret towards Zhang Jiale. He wasn’t just someone who could be described as “relatively experienced”. If Zhang Jiale actually joined their team, Ye Xiu reckoned that with just him, Zhang Jiale, Wei Chen, Tang Rou, and Steamed Bun Invasion, they were more than enough to steamroll their way through the Challenger League. It was just too bad. Saying that they could steamroll through the Challenger League wouldn’t be able to persuade Zhang Jiale though. Who cares if they could sweep the Challenger League? At best, they would be able to easily earn a spot in the Professional League, but what did Zhang JIale want? To be the champion! What Ye Xiu could promise and what Zhang Jiale wanted were way too far off. </p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought about this to himself. He didn’t splash any cold water on Chen Guo’s happy mood, but this time, Chen Guo showed clear-headedness. After organizing the information on the members of their team, she reviewed the team: “With six players, we have enough people, but our chances of winning doesn’t seem too high, no?” </p>
    <p>Seeing that Chen Guo had thought of it herself, Ye Xiu nodded his head: “Yeah! That Concealed Light isn’t even better than you right now!” </p>
    <p>“What then? Do you know any other retired experts like Old Wei?” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“I do know a few. However, besides the question of whether or not they’ve even touched Glory recently, they have to be interested in joining our team. Relying on a team of these players gathered together would be enough to deal with a vast majority of opponents we will face in Challenger League, but that’s not our goal. We want to return to the Professional League and win the championships. If our team is made up of old fellows, there won’t be much room to improve…..” Ye Xiu sighed. </p>
    <p>“What do we do then? Continue switching accounts and find potential recruits?” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>Ye Xiu shook his head: “The players who are found through this method will be just like Little Cold Hands or Concealed Light. They have talent, but they also have major flaws that weaken their strength. Anyone outstanding would have been discovered already. We’re not planning on becoming a training camp. Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light are enough. We need players who can go up on stage at anytime, or players like Little Tang and Steamed Bun Invasion, who already have a solid foundation and improve quickly. These types of players can’t be found in the Heavenly Domain. They have already been discovered. It would be better to pay more attention to the tenth server. There are definitely still players like Little Tang or Steamed Bun Invasion amongst the new players. In addition, they probably haven’t been noticed by the big guilds yet.” </p>
    <p>“But even though they haven’t noticed any yet, doesn’t mean that they’re not paying attention, right?” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“Right.” Ye Xiu sighed, “And we don’t have any advantage over them. This is something that can only be encountered by chance. To be able to pick up a Steamed Bun was already very lucky.” </p>
    <p>“Uh oh, shouldn’t we hurry and talk with Steamed Bun about the contract? It would be terrible if another guild took him away!” Chen Guo suddenly remembered. </p>
    <p>“This…… I don’t think it’ll happen.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Why not?” </p>
    <p>“Because of Steamed Bun’s personality and because…… from a certain perspective, Steamed Bun also has a big weakness that protects him……” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“It’s better to be careful!” Chen Guo erred on the side of caution. </p>
    <p>“That’s fine too.” Ye Xiu thought about it and felt like since they had already gone this far, they might as well start being more careful. Similar to how Wang Jiexi tried to recruit Tang Rou before, if Tang Rou didn’t have special circumstances, an incredible seedling would have been taken away just like that. </p>
    <p>The current champion team! Compared with a newly created team that wasn’t even sure if they could make it through the Challenger League yet, it was too huge of a chasm. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo acted swiftly. With the plan set, she immediately logged into the tenth server Chasing Haze and called out to Steamed Bun Invasion. </p>
    <p>“What?” Steamed Bun Invasion replied. </p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun, you left too quickly! We weren’t finished discussing yet!” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>‘Oh oh, what else did senior have to say?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked. </p>
    <p>“We’re creating a team to participate in an official competition, so we will need your information. We’re also going to need you to sign a contract for it later.” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“Ooh okay, then should I come over in person?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked. </p>
    <p>“That would be good!” Chen Guo smiled. </p>
    <p>“Where do I find you guys?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked. </p>
    <p>“We’re in City H. Tell me when you’re available and I can come pick you up.” Chen Guo arranged. </p>
    <p>“Sure. I’ll go buy a ticket.” Steamed Bun Invasion said and then disappeared. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo was left there hanging. After two minutes of staring blankly, she turned around and said to Ye Xiu: “I admire Steamed Bun very much.” </p>
    <p>“Why?” Ye Xiu wasn’t like Chen Guo who spent most of her time watching someone else play. </p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun went to buy a ticket. He’ll be coming over directly.” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion’s spirit was something even Tang Rou couldn’t help but be awed by: “That Steamed Bun…… really is……” </p>
    <p>“That’s too decisive. How are you going to accommodate for him when he arrives? Don’t tell me he’ll be sleeping on the sofa?” Ye Xiu asked. </p>
    <p>“Mm, that’ll be an issue. Not just Steamed Bun. Later, when the team officially forms. Everyone will need to be together. We’ll definitely have to figure out how to accommodate for them. Hand this matter over to me!” Chen Guo nodded her head. Pro teams usually had 10-12 players. They couldn’t just be squeezed into such a small room in the Internet Cafe. Chen Guo seemed to have been influenced by Steamed Bun Invasion. She moved swiftly and decisively. She immediately went online and started looking up housing locations near Joyful Flourish Internet Cafe. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo hadn’t moved from this stretch of land in the past thirty years. Even the neighboring Club Excellent Era was something that Chen Guo had watched as it developed and was built. Chen Guo was very familiar with this part of town. Which surrounding areas were convenient, close to the Internet Cafe, in a nice area, etc. She could close her eyes and talk about them all. She naturally found apartments for rent very quickly and started calling. </p>
    <p>As she called them, she took notes. Soon, she had an entire page of information. Chen Guo looked at the page and felt like she had enough information for now. She turned her head towards Ye Xiu and Tang Rou: “Who wants to go house hunting?” </p>
    <p>“Obviously, you should be the one to go!” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Nonsense. I’m saying apart from me, who else wants to go?” Chen Guo called. </p>
    <p>“I’ll go with you.” Tang Rou smiled as she stood up. </p>
    <p>“Little Tang, you don’t need to move out. We can continue to stay here and live.” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“Mm, I’ll just go out for a walk with you then.” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“What about you? Would you like to go and take a walk?” Chen Guo said. Ye Xiu was still living in that little storage room. Speaking of which, Chen Guo felt quite embarrassed. Now that they were looking for apartments, Chen Guo wanted to make up for it.“It doesn’t matter for me. You can do what you want!” Ye Xiu waved his hands. He clearly wasn’t planning on spending much time choosing a comfortable living environment. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo was helpless. She and Tang Rou left. Before leaving, she talked about the issue of everyone needing to live together and her plans on renovating the second floor of the Internet Cafe. </p>
    <p>They quickly chose an apartment. Chen Guo had naturally already seen the appearances of the rooms before contacting the owner. As for the prices, Chen Guo was very familiar with this part of town. The prices were around a thousand or so yuan and she happily negotiated. Soon, they found a terraced house with six rooms in a small area called Forest Park. It had a balcony at the top, a garden at the bottom, two stories, and six rooms. Chen Guo was planning on having two people to a room. On the first floor, there were two living rooms connected together. Chen Guo felt like she could set up a circle of computers here, so they wouldn’t need to use the Internet Cafe. The team could directly eat, sleep, and practice together here. </p>
    <p>Good! Chen Guo was so satisfied that she and Tang Rou even talked about moving over from the Internet Cafe to live here. </p>
    <p>After paying the initial deposit, she was like a general returning home after a victory. Ye Xiu was naturally still at his computer playing Glory. Chen Guo told him the good news. Ye Xiu also looked at her with wide eyes. </p>
    <p>“So luxurious!!!” Ye Xiu was deeply moved. He couldn’t help but think about the year he had left home. Having food and a bed was quite nice already. What type of housing condition hadn’t he been in? Ye Xiu already felt lucky to be able to live in the storage room. It was small, but it was still his own personal living space. And now? He was about to move into a villa to play games. How the times have changed.</p>
  </body>
</html>
