<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1044: The Last Drop of Blood</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1044: The Last Drop of Blood</h1>
    <p>Soft Mist's Dragon Breaks the Ranks stirred up the entire stadium. The commentator, Pan Lin, could only give a long "Oh..." before becoming silent.</p>
    <p>Despite facing four members from Excellent Era all by herself, Soft Mist dared to rush ahead with more vigor and initiative than before. This girl... does she even understand the situation she's in?</p>
    <p>Many people wanted to make fun of Tang Rou's suicidal action. However, everyone was stunned the very next second when they saw Soft Mist's Dragon Breaks the Ranks get past the suppression of the two Battle Mages, One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form, and arrive in front of the two long-ranged gunners.</p>
    <p>This seemed like a situation where Tang Rou was walking right into a trap. If anyone in Excellent Era had been prepared, they could have gotten rid of Soft Mist right away. The problem was that they hadn't been. Whether it was the Master Tactician Xiao Shiqin, the new generation's God Sun Xiang, or the talented rookie Qiu Fei, none of them expected Tang Rou to be so fearless. .</p>
    <p>At the time, no one could determine whether her courage was deserving of praise or extremely foolish.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist's spear swept around in a circle, and the two long-ranged gunners were forced to retreat. As they dodged, they lifted their guns and started to shoot. One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form spun around to pincer Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>The four from Excellent Era adjusted extremely quickly. However, Tang Rou's unexpected move still managed to disrupt their rhythm. They surrounded her again, but it wasn't as perfect as the previous wave, regardless of whether it was their positioning or rhythm.</p>
    <p>Their encirclement might have been enough for normal players. Unfortunately, for Happy's Ye Xiu, such a disorderly encirclement couldn't just be politely described as "imperfect", it was filled with flaws.</p>
    <p>"Matchstick!"</p>
    <p>A message suddenly popped out from Lord Grim in Happy's team chat.</p>
    <p>This wasn't a code word; Matchstick was the name of Wang Ze's Sharpshooter. Although he had only arrived in the map not long ago and failed to save Excellent Era's Cleric, he was able to set up a good foundation for Excellent Era's comeback by dealing a lot of damage to Dawn Rifle. However, he had now become Happy's breakthrough target.</p>
    <p>This was probably the first direct confrontation between the two teams in this Matchstick. The four characters from both sides were gathered in the same area and each attacked their respective tactical targets.</p>
    <p>"Happy is putting on a tough front facing Excellent Era's counterattack!!" Pan Lin cried with surprise. Happy had been deliberately avoiding direct confrontations the entire time. However, now their approach suddenly changed. When the four from Excellent Era surrounded Soft Mist, the other three characters from Happy valiantly charged forward to save her.</p>
    <p>At the same time, Tang Rou, who was surrounded, also carried out Ye Xiu's instruction.</p>
    <p>1v4. There was nothing that could make Tang Rou more excited. Her hand speed exploded as Soft Mist charged towards Matchstick. She swayed left and right at high speeds, dodging the incoming gunner attacks. One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form chased closely behind her. The two had nothing harassing them, so their movement speeds werewas faster and the distance between them continued to decrease.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>At this moment, time was the most important. It was a matter of speed. No one would save their high-level skills for later. One Autumn Leaf unleashed a Dragon Breaks the Ranks towards Soft Mist's back.</p>
    <p>But Soft Mist leaped up into the air.</p>
    <p>Shattering the Lands!</p>
    <p>Excellent Era wasn't the only one who knew how to use this Level 75 skill.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf's Dragon Breaks the Ranks brushed past her, missing by just a hair. Combat Form had originally been planning on following up with an attack, but seeing Soft Mist use Shattering the Lands, he immediately made adjustments.</p>
    <p>The attacks from Xiao Shiqin and Wang Ze didn't stop. Soft Mist was in the air now, so dodging was more difficult. She was struck repeatedly by bullets, and her health slid down.</p>
    <p>Her Shattering the Lands still came out though!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist descended from the air along with streaks of blood and fire. Her spear stabbed into the ground and magic waves lifted up the earth. Dirt and stone swirled in the air. A blaze of fire flowed out from the center, her spear's Flowing Fire effect.</p>
    <p>This type of high-level skill couldn't be taken directly. Qiu Fei's Combat Form was unable to advance. Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf immediately dodged to the side. On the other hand, Xiao Shiqin and Wang Ze escaped from its attack range, while continuing to attack.</p>
    <p>"Kill her!!!" Xiao Shiqin roared. Soft Mist's ferociousness would fire up the spirits of anyone who crossed her path.</p>
    <p>Just when Soft Mist's health was about to hit 0, a white light surrounded her body.</p>
    <p>Small Heal!</p>
    <p>"Wha... what..." Pan Lin was about to explode. He was just about to announce Soft Mist's death, but he hadn't expected Lord Grim to cast a heal to save Soft Mist at the last second.</p>
    <p>"Brilliant!" This was Li Yibo's evaluation of it. Small Heal had a cast time, so being able to time it so perfectly required extremely accurate predictions. It wasn't just a matter of hand speed.</p>
    <p>However, the heal was a low-level skill. Lord Grim wasn't a healer and he didn't have healer equipment either. This Small Heal only allowed Soft Mist to not die in the last moment. Truly saving her from death was still far away.</p>
    <p>However, by prolonging her inevitable death, Tang Rou was able to attack once more.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist attacked Matchstick with a Falling Flower Palm.</p>
    <p>Wang Ze didn't dodge. Soft Mist's hitpoints were at single digits. Instead of dodging, he might as well just finish her off.</p>
    <p>That's what everyone thought, so they all attacked.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, another white light flashed onto Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>Small Cure!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist once again survived with a last second save. Just from Soft Mist's remaining health, it could be seen how prompt the heal had been. After the heal, her health dropped to near zero. Soft Mist was hanging on with just one last drop of health left.</p>
    <p>But that didn't affect Soft Mist from carrying out her attack.</p>
    <p>Falling Flower Palm sent Matchstick flying away towards One Inch Ash's five overlapping ghost boundaries. Steamed Bun Invasion pounced forward and grabbed Matchstick in midair. Wang Ze couldn't even Quick Recover.</p>
    <p>Matchstick was sent flying. A huge gap appeared in Excellent Era's encirclement. Soft Mist immediately tried to rush through it, but Xiao Shiqin wasn't going to give her that chance. Bullets rained down on her. However, a figure flashed and Lord Grim appeared with his umbrella propped up, protecting Soft Mist completely.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist actually didn't die?</p>
    <p>No one wanted to believe it. Li Yibo was just about to talk about Ye Xiu's two miraculous saves and their effects on the Matchstick. He hadn't expected that Soft Mist would be saved once again.</p>
    <p>Just one more attack yet Excellent Era wasn't able to do it?</p>
    <p>That was just... too unlucky.</p>
    <p>Yes, something so outrageous couldn't be from skill. It could only be luck.</p>
    <p>But this was just temporary, no?</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form had charged forward. Their two spears crossed each other at 120 degree angles, attacking Lord Grim from the left and right. As for Soft Mist, who was hiding behind Lord Grim, she was within their attack range too. Xiao Shiqin's Life Extinguisher used a Rotor Wings to fly up and get around Lord Grim's umbrella shield by attacking from above.</p>
    <p>They just needed one attack. How could they not do it? The three players from Excellent Era were confident, even if Ye Xiu was protecting her. They didn't think that Ye Xiu could protect her so thoroughly.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn't protect her, but he also didn't bother trying. Life Extinguisher flew into the air with Rotor Wings and saw what Soft Mist was doing. He suddenly cried out in alarm.</p>
    <p>"Careful!"</p>
    <p>The warning was too late though. One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form had reached them. Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella retracted and a powerful magic wave surged forth, Rising Dragon Soars the Sky!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist only had just a drop of health left, yet she actually attacked. Under the cover of Lord Grim's shield, this was a two-player Blind Shield Play. Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei hadn't expected it at all. By the time Xiao Shiqin became aware of it, it was too late.</p>
    <p>Dancing Fire Flowing Flame turned into an angry dragon and flew out from behind Lord Grim's umbrella towards Combat Form. Combat Form had already let out his attack, but its priority couldn't compete with Rising Dragon Soars the Sky. He was chomped by the magic dragon. The magic waves coiled around his body and then exploded. Combat Form took a full blow from this high-level skill.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf didn't get hit by the sneak attack. Lord Grim's umbrella greeted him instead. The umbrella strike looked like it was more to drive him away than to damage him, but Sun Xiang could only get hit by it. He couldn't dodge Ye Xiu's strike. If he did, he would be in the path of Soft Mist's Rising Dragon Soars the Sky. Wouldn't dodging over there be letting them hit two birds with one stone?</p>
    <p>Rising Dragon Soars the Sky wasn't just a sneak attack. Ye Xiu used it to limit the opponent's space, allowing him to put in two strikes and knock One Autumn Leaf to the side. Life Extinguisher's gunfire rained down from above, but Lord Grim simply opened up the umbrella put it above his head. Using the umbrella shield in this way was the easiest. After all, wasn't that the original purpose of an umbrella?</p>
    <p>After taking care of those two, he convened with Steamed Bun Invasion and One Inch Ash under the gunfire above from Life Extinguisher. It was like he was taking a stroll in the rain. Ye Xiu had already casted a Recover onto Soft Mist. Her health was slowly recovering. Even though it wasn't much, but to those in Excellent Era, it was like a stab to their hearts.</p>
    <p>How long is it going to take to get rid of that last drop of health?</p>
    <p>Translator's Thoughts</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Nomyummi</p>
    <p>Heals have a cast time but no cooldown. Cures have no cast time but a long cooldown.</p>
  </body>
</html>
