<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 170 – Fire Witch First Kill</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 170 – Fire Witch First Kill</h1>
    <p>“Interrupt! Interrupt!”</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion’s voice repeatedly resounded.</p>
    <p>This guy was always immersed into the games he played, and he would often shout out his moves like characters in early Hong Kong kung-fu movies. His punches and kicks all carried whooshing sound effects. This type of constant shouting frequently disturbed the moods of the opponents he faced in the Arena. But truthfully, Steamed Bun Invasion’s dubbing had absolutely no meaning to them. For example, in this big BOSS battle, it definitely wouldn’t affect the situation. Even so, he would still shout as usual.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu deliberately gave Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion chances to practice, letting them have the opportunity to interrupt the Fire Witch. They were only killing a BOSS, so there was no need to worry about time.</p>
    <p>Because these two lacked experience, with the way they were fighting, there was no way a mistake wouldn’t be made during the long BOSS battle.</p>
    <p>“Not good!! Run!” Ye Xiu suddenly shouted. Tang Rou had been one step too slow in interrupting the Fire Witch’s Meteor Shower. Ye Xiu felt that there wasn’t enough time to rescue the situation, so he hastily warned them.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist was already outside the spell’s range, so she was safe. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim used a Shadow Clone Technique and left his fake body there, while his real body instantly escaped. The remaining players, Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion, were in a more difficult predicament.</p>
    <p>The two players were melee classes, so they were the closest to the Fire Witch when the spell was cast. The spell array took form and the air above them began to boil. It seemed as if the entire sky had ignited on fire. Fireballs of different sizes swiftly dropped from the sky. Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion hastily had their characters run away, but it was impossible to completely dodge them all. The countless meteors showered down and the earth and skies instantly turned into a sea of flames. When the two of them rushed out of the fire, they only had a sliver of health left. They miserably retreated to one side and began drinking potions to recover.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, the range of large AoE spells such as Meteor Fall couldn’t be shifted, when the magician cast them while moving. If not, then the Fire Witch would have chased the two of them and they would have already died and returned back to Congee City.</p>
    <p>“My bad.” Tang Rou said. She wasn’t someone who refused to admit her mistakes. She only wanted to improve.</p>
    <p>“Pay attention to the timing.” Ye Xiu didn’t say too much. He had already indicated when they should act. Putting it into practice depended on them to grasp the timing. It all relied on the individual’s reaction speed and judgement. Ye Xiu couldn’t help them at this.</p>
    <p>The successfully cast Meteor Fall set the Fire Forest ablaze. After the Fire Witch shrieked and cackled several times, she continued to wave her staff at them.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry about it! Forward!” Ye Xiu commanded.</p>
    <p>With regards to Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion, Ye Xiu wasn’t letting them go and freely practice. For example, the two weren’t at full health yet. If they failed to interrupt a spell again, then they might die. Ye Xiu would take up the task in this type of situation. He had a 100% chance of success in interrupting her spells with his excellent movements.</p>
    <p>Wave Wheel Slasher!</p>
    <p>This time, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim used a Spellblade skill. The tip of the blade would lock the Fire Witch in a spell array and cast a Wave Wheel that would slash the Fire Witch multiple times. If there were any other enemies nearby, the Wave Wheel would also damage them. Once the Wave Wheel had finished spinning, it would explode and cause the target to fly out, similar to the Fire Witch, who was now on the ground.</p>
    <p>The battle continued.</p>
    <p>In this type of continuous battling, even top-tier pro-players like Ye Xiu couldn’t guarantee that a mistake wouldn’t occur. So Lord Grim also took some damage. The only player who hadn’t taken damage was the long-ranged Cleansing Mist.</p>
    <p>The battle would last for hours. It wasn’t one that could be finished in a matter of minutes.</p>
    <p>Time passed by slowly.</p>
    <p>No one in the tenth server knew that such an intense and difficult battle was going on in Fire Forest. Four characters were hunting down the wild BOSS Fire Witch that was six levels above them. This was something no player could ever imagine.</p>
    <p>All of the guilds’ players were still running dungeons at a suitable level for them. The only wild BOSSes they were paying attention to were the ones in Frost Forest, Boneyard, Desolate Land, and Line Canyon.</p>
    <p>Fire Forest? In truth, it was about time. The highest-leveled characters currently were all halfway through to Level 32. As soon as they had reached Level 33, they would begin hunting down Fire Forest’s Fire Witch. Line Canyon and Desolate Land were also done in a similar way.</p>
    <p>1:00.</p>
    <p>1:30.</p>
    <p>2:00.</p>
    <p>2:30.</p>
    <p>“If they’re running Desolate Land, then they should be done by now, no?” Blue River and his friends had already finished running the dungeon three times. If Lord Grim was going to set the record, then he shouldn’t be so late. Two and a half hours had already passed, yet there were still no signs of any record being set. Could it be that Lord Grim was also having a bit of trouble?</p>
    <p>It was only the first day, so Blue River didn’t dare be too happy. He only let out a sigh of relief. He couldn’t smile yet.</p>
    <p>“Let’s go to Desolate Land.” Blue River said. They had just run Line Canyon.</p>
    <p>But while they were traveling, a system announcement suddenly popped up.</p>
    <p>System Announcement: Players Lord Grim, Cleansing Mist, Soft Mist, and Steamed Bun Invasion have completed the First Kill for Fire Witch Cashew.</p>
    <p>Amidst all of the random messages in the world channel, this system announcement looked as if it was some joke made by a naive noob.</p>
    <p>Fire Cashew First Kill!</p>
    <p>Those who reacted were of course, veterans and experts!</p>
    <p>In the instant that announcement was made, Blue River froze. The four friends he was with had also frozen.</p>
    <p>At this moment, they all had the same reaction. They moved their mouse over to the world channel and dragged the chat box to check the announcement again. Each player carefully and earnestly looked at it over again. Not a single word of it was misplaced.</p>
    <p>“Fire Witch?” Blue River didn’t want to believe it.</p>
    <p>Fire Forest’s Fire Witch?</p>
    <p>Blue River wasn’t the only one with this doubt.</p>
    <p>However, to these experienced Glory players, they were well aware that there existed only one Fire Witch in the game.</p>
    <p>“No way!!”</p>
    <p>There were even a few in the Internet Cafe who cried out in alarm.</p>
    <p>The initial waves of the tenth server opening had already passed. There weren’t many Glory players in Happy Internet Cafe who mainly played in the tenth server. Most of the all-night veterans were in the other servers, so they hadn’t seen the news. As a result, they were obviously indifferent towards it.</p>
    <p>The few who did react weren’t familiar with each other. They could only discuss the astonishing news with their friends in-game.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, they had completed the First Kill late at night. If not, all of those in Happy Internet Cafe who had known that Lord Grim was being played by Ye Xiu would circle around and watch him.</p>
    <p>‘So we finally killed it……” In Happy Internet Cafe, Ye Xiu and Tang Rou both let out a sigh of relief. After the final blow hit the Fire Witch, her body burst into flames. Her mean and ferocious expression could be seen in the wisps of leftover flames. Once the flames died down, a few equipment and materials dropped.</p>
    <p>Three and a half hours!!</p>
    <p>The four of them had been fighting the Fire Witch for a long three and half hours. It could be seen just how hard it was to beat a six level higher wild BOSS from this. Tang Rou’s Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion had almost died several times. Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist was fine. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim, on the other hand, was just playing around. Tang Rou could tell with a single glance that he wasn’t trying his hardest.</p>
    <p>“Not easy, ah, not easy. Let’s see what she dropped.” Ye Xiu said as he went to take a look at the dropped equipment and materials.</p>
    <p>“Flame Stone! Yes, I’ll be taking this!” Ye Xiu picked up this material.</p>
    <p>“Red Flame Staff, a Level 35 Purple weapon! Sadly, we can’t use this rare item, so let’s leave it for selling or for trading equipment!” Ye Xiu looked over the second item.</p>
    <p>‘Red Flame Gown, a Level 35 Blue Cloth Armor. It increases Fire Resistance, this….. none of you are Cloth type classes, so we don’t need it either. It can only be sold for money.” The third item.</p>
    <p>“Wow, Scarlet Moon Belt…… it looks like someone’s luck is good today. Take it! With this, your set will be complete.” The Fire Witch dropped Level 30-35 items. The fourth drop was given to Tang Rou. Even though she already had it, she could still trade it for the part she was missing.</p>
    <p>“Fire Spirit’s Ring…… it also increases Fire Resistance. How useless……” The fifth was also a Blue equipment, a Level 30 Ring that increased Fire Resistance. These types of equipment were only useful against certain kinds of enemies. Under normal circumstances, there wasn’t much of a difference between it and regular Magic Resistance.</p>
    <p>“Four equipment were dropped. A Purple weapon too. Not bad.” Ye Xiu nodded his head in approval.</p>
    <p>“Are we rich?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked gleefully.</p>
    <p>“We’re not that lucky!” Ye Xiu said. He then discovered that they all chose to give up on these items. Only Tang Rou had rolled for the Scarlet Moon Belt.</p>
    <p>Seeing everyone’s trust in him, Ye Xiu didn’t object. He picked them all up and then gave the Red Flame Staff to Steamed Bun Invasion: “Selling it for 200 Gold coins won’t be a problem. You can use that to buy a set for yourself.”</p>
    <p>“Really? Awesome!” Steamed Bun Invasion received it with excitement.</p>
    <p>The other two equipment, the Red Flame Gown and the Fire Spirit’s Ring, were less important from a long-term perspective. However, players were about to hit Level 33 at present. If they were going to compete in this Fire Forest, then Fire Resistant equipment would greatly increase their chances of survival, so it was uncertain how much they would sell for.</p>
    <p>“Okay! Let’s go back to dungeoning!”</p>
    <p>Because of this First Kill, the entire community was completely shocked. Ye Xiu didn’t care though. As for Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion? They didn’t really take the Fire Witch seriously. The 6 Level Suppression only reduced the damage they dealt and reduced their skills’ effects. It made the battle very long and even though they almost died several times, from a mechanical perspective, the two didn’t feel that killing the BOSS was too difficult.</p>
    <p>“So easy!” This was Tang Rou’s final opinion on the matter.</p>
  </body>
</html>
