<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1333: Overlapping Ghost Boundaries</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1333: Overlapping Ghost Boundaries</h1>
    <p>"Go, Yingjie! We'll follow your pace!"</p>
    <p>In Tiny Herb's team chat, Liu Xiaobie sent this message. As a longtime teammate of Gao Yingjie's, he could sense the other player's confusion and panic.</p>
    <p>If he's still not confident enough, then let's help him establish confidence! Aren't we used to supporting a Witch? No matter who it is, we'll go along with him.</p>
    <p>"Go!" Xu Bin understood Liu Xiaobie's intentions and also encouraged Gao Yingjie. At the same time, their healer player Yuan Baiqing was controlling Aweto, preparing to give aid to the whole team.</p>
    <p>With the encouragement of his teammates, Gao Yingjie's emotions gradually steadied. He was carrying everyone's hopes, how could he let them down? He had to carry Tiny Herb's future!</p>
    <p>"Go!" Gao Yingjie also sent a message in the chat, displaying his state of mind to his teammates, and after that, the Witch Kind Tree once again took flight.</p>
    <p>Target: Little Cold Hands!</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie decided to resume the objective that he hadn't been able to complete earlier. At the moment, they had the advantage of numbers, so there should be many openings through which they could attack Little Cold Hands. If they managed to kill the opponent's healer, the game was set.</p>
    <p>But he had barely taken a few steps when he saw that Little Cold Hands was already retreating. Ye Xiu's Lord Grim smoothly intercepted Kind Tree's path of attack.</p>
    <p>"Charge past!" Gao Yingjie sent in the team channel. There were three of them, so even if he got tangled with Lord Grim, there were still two others who could force their way toward Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Xu Bin's Angelica and Liu Xiaobie's Flying Sword, assisting this new generation Tiny Herb Witch from the left and right, rushed forward together.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>From a long range, Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain had found an angle from which she could fire. With a Tri-Shot Anti-Tank Missile, three shots fired toward the three of them. They each dodged with their own techniques: Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree twisted in the air; Liu Xiaobie's Flying Sword changed direction on the second slash of his Triple Slash; Xu Bin's Angelica simply used a Heroic Leap, aiming to land in Lord Grim's direction.</p>
    <p>But then…</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Another Tri-Shot Anti-Tank Missile came, this time from Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella at a much closer distance. In the end, they burst into three explosions.</p>
    <p>All three Tiny Herb players were hit. The methods they used to dodge Su Mucheng's initial attack had all been predicted by Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Kind Tree and Flying Sword were directly sent tumbling by the shockwaves of the explosion, but Angelica's Heroic Leap had priority. Plus, he had the stronger armor of a Knight, so even though he too was hit, his body was only slightly buffeted, and his offensive wasn't diminished at all. But just when he was about to land, brilliant white flames suddenly surrounded his body, and the priority of Heroic Leap vanished. A Sacred Fire from Little Cold Hands had Silenced him.</p>
    <p>"Unbelievable! After sealing Vaccaria, he now seals Angelica. And these predictive attacks were both made under conditions of high-speed movement! We didn't even see the Sacred Fire burning on the ground before it took effect. An Wenyi has truly taken the precision of this skill to the limit…" Li Yibo exclaimed in shock. He too was surprised that he would save such unrestrained praise to give to An Wenyi, of all players.</p>
    <p>After all, at the beginning, this was the guy whose mere ability to exist in the professional scene had been questioned!</p>
    <p>"Happy ignored the doubts of the outside world and insisted on keeping An Wenyi as their main healer. Are they finally reaping the rewards?" Li Yibo continued to exclaim.</p>
    <p>To the side, Ruan Cheng's expression darkened. As long as there was something negative said about Happy, he would always take part, and he was extreme with his criticism. With An Wenyi, for example, not only did he criticize An Wenyi for having such a low skill level, he used this as a lens through which to criticize the judgment and management of Team Happy as a whole. But now, Happy's support of An Wenyi brought them this kind of reward. Of course, this was the strongest retaliation toward his type of criticisms.</p>
    <p>Ruan Cheng had opened his mouth, prepared to say something, but because Li Yibo had dragged the topic here, he had no way of adding anything. He could only shut his mouth, depressed.</p>
    <p>Sky Strike.</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella had already become a spear in Lord Grim's hands, thrusting directly toward the falling Angelica. At the same time, another round of fire exploded upon his body. Clearly, Dancing Rain was still helping Ye Xiu output damage from afar.</p>
    <p>But the combo didn't last too long, because Gao Yingjie and Liu Xiaobie were already back.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim used one last Falling Flower Palm to shove Angelica toward Kind Tree. Gao Yingjie immediately wanted to dodge, but a Laser Rifle slammed into Angelica's body again. Instantly, Angelica's body accelerated from the force of the impact and was in front of Kind Tree in the blink of an eye. Gao Yingjie hadn't anticipated this and couldn't react fast enough. Angelica slammed into him, and the two became tangled together. Even though the damage from this wouldn't be too high, this interrupted Tiny Herb's offensive and put them in an unbearably weak position.</p>
    <p>Did Tiny Herb's offensive trio have no way of dealing with these two from Happy?</p>
    <p>At this time, the sixth players of both sides finally arrived.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb, Liang Fang, Berserker Black Bamboo.</p>
    <p>Happy, Qiao Yifan, Ghostblade One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>We can't let them set up Ghost Boundaries.</p>
    <p>This was Gao Yingjie's judgment at this moment, but on Happy's side, Lord Grim was already covering One Inch Ash as the Ghostblade prepared to cast the first Ghost Boundary. Dancing Rain opened fire with Gatling Gun, sending a storm of bullets flying their way. The four from Tiny Herb scattered, and Angelica used the cover of his weapon Sighing Wall to take the direct path.</p>
    <p>But they were still too slow. By the time the close-range fighters arrived, the light gathering on One Inch Ash's blade was released.</p>
    <p>Ice Boundary!</p>
    <p>The boundary landed right beneath the feet of Lord Grim and One Inch Ash. The close-range fighters who had planned to stop him immediately had to retreat.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's Lord Grim used this opening to complete a cast - another Ghost Boundary, a Sword Boundary that used blade aura as a buff.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain and Little Cold Hands entered the range of the Sword and Ice Boundaries. Under the protection of these Ghost Boundaries, Happy's four players steadily began to advance their position.</p>
    <p>Ghost Boundaries appeared on the map one after another. In Tiny Herb's roster, Xu Bin, Liu Xiaobie, and Liang Fang were all close-range classes, and after the Ghost Boundaries forced them out of range, their choices of attack were extremely limited. Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree could still attack the target from outside the range of the Ghost Boundaries, but his attacks alone were far from enough to stop Happy's step-by-step advancement.</p>
    <p>"Retreat for now!" Gao Yingjie made this decision.</p>
    <p>The biggest limitation of Ghost Boundaries was that they couldn't move. Happy had established a strong formation, so even though Tiny Herb had an extra person, they couldn't brute-force their way through. They'd wanted to try this, relying on their healer, but they had nothing to show for their efforts.</p>
    <p>Boom boom!</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng sent the Tiny Herb players on their way with a few cannon shots. Tiny Herb's players dodged, feeling depressed, when all of a sudden, Happy's Little Cold Hands suddenly raised his weapon Holy Contract. There was a flash of brilliant light, so bright that it would attract everyone's attention. It was a Hypnosis attack.</p>
    <p>Aweto!</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb's Cleric instantly stopped in his tracks. His body swayed, clearly already asleep. And at this moment, Lord Grim's two hands opened outward, and a gust of qi flowed outward…</p>
    <p>Cloud Grasping Fist!</p>
    <p>When they saw this skill, the faces of the Tiny Herb players turned ashen.</p>
    <p>Happy's formation needed the support of the Ghost Boundaries, so they couldn't move quickly. Yuan Baiqing's Aweto, had been far back in a secure location the whole time. Because of this, Tiny Herb hadn't worried too much about protecting him, because in their view, there was no way Happy could charge out of the Ghost Boundaries, and the long-range firepower of Dancing Rain or Lord Grim alone didn't pose a great threat.</p>
    <p>But now, Happy actually pulled Aweto into their formation. Tiny Herb had neglected the protection of Aweto, and it was now too late to interrupt the Cloud Grasping Fist. There was no way they could retreat now and come back later. Disregarding everything else, all of the Tiny Herb players turned around and rushed back to rescue Aweto.</p>
    <p>But Happy was prepared for this. One Inch Ash continued to lay down Ghost Boundaries without rest, connecting into a chain of obstacles that hampered their movements. Just like that, Aweto was pulled by Lord Grim into Happy's formation, and the various Ghost Boundaries he passed through caused him to suffer all sorts of damage and status effects. As soon as he landed, Lord Grim didn't hold back in attacking him. Dancing Rain used her firepower to continue to take care of everyone else, and Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash maintained the completeness of the Overlapping Ghost Boundaries.</p>
    <p>How did things end up like this?</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie was in a daze. It was five against four, they clearly had the advantage of numbers, so why had they been countered at every step? How had they ended up in this situation, where their healer was stolen away and they had no way of rescuing him?</p>
    <p>If only Captain were still here, this battle never would've become such a mess!</p>
    <p>In the end, it's because I'm useless, isn't it?</p>
    <p>Too useless.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb's future? Everyone's hope? How in the world could I ever carry that?</p>
    <p>Ah!!!</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie gave a shout of anger in his heart. Kind Tree, a character who could still attack from the edge of the Ghost Boundaries, now arrived there.</p>
    <p>Dark Boundary? Ice Boundary?</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie studied the Ghost Boundaries on the ground. The status effects from these were too strong; no matter what, he couldn't enter those regions.</p>
    <p>Plague Boundary?</p>
    <p>That would only decrease his defense. He could take that.</p>
    <p>But… that was a trap. Gao Yingjie carefully observed the positions of Happy's players. If he charged through the Plague Boundary, then all of the opponents' attacks could easily focus upon him. Under the defense-reducing effect of the Plague Boundary, the damage and effects from the attacks would all be magnified. If he tried a charge like that, he would definitely be forced back, and just the smallest mistake could result in his own death.</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie felt a rare clarity of mind. All of these thoughts flashed through his mind, and he made his judgments. He couldn't enter any of these areas sealed by the Ghost Boundaries. Then, all that was left was…</p>
    <p>Silence Boundary, a region that would lock all skills. Anyone else would skip this option without a second thought.</p>
    <p>But, I'm a Witch! Even with ordinary attacks, I can go in and cause some chaos. If I can interrupt one of Yifan's Ghost Boundaries, then my teammates can seize the opportunity to counterattack.</p>
    <p>It'll be a bit hard, but I have to try!</p>
    <p>Kind Tree, under everyone's shocked gazes, stepped into the Silence Boundary. His skills were instantly sealed, but his footsteps didn't halt.</p>
    <p>Was there an open area where he could stand? Was there an opening caused by switching skills that he could seize?</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie concentrated everything he had on his surroundings. His Kind Tree charged toward One Inch Ash. HE was going to interrupt the opponent's array of Ghost Boundaries.</p>
    <p>"Behind you!"</p>
    <p>But at this moment, he received a warning from his teammate. He immediately tried to roll and dodge, but blood was already flying from Kind Tree's neck. Then, someone was already lifting him, and carelessly tossing him to the side.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's silhouette had already used another movement skill to return and resume his offense against Aweto. Just like that, Kind Tree was tossed into the middle of the Dark Boundary.</p>
    <p>The entire world went black.</p>
  </body>
</html>
