<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1424 - The Healers of the Two Sides</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1424 - The Healers of the Two Sides</h1>
    <p>Wipe out Little Cold Hands. How would Happy respond to that? Yu Wenzhou had considered all sorts of possibilities, but the decision to give up on the healer had only surfaced for a mere moment.</p>
    <p>Under these circumstances, how could Happy abandon their healer?</p>
    <p>But that was exactly what happened; Happy didn’t bother making any moves to protect Little Cold Hands. Ye Xiu started it and Fang Rui followed suit, then, Su Mucheng who had been continuously harassing Soul Speaker, began to focus her cannonfire as well.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s members were all rather stunned. For a moment, they didn’t know what to do.</p>
    <p>In the current situation, Happy shouldn’t choose to abandon their healer. Everyone knew that, so how would Blue Rain not? They were the ones who could feel the pressure brought by the difference between the two healers.</p>
    <p>So when their captain told them to wipe out Happy’s healer, they knew all too well the reasoning behind this.</p>
    <p>However, Happy instead chose to focus on Blue Rain’s healer. They couldn’t understand this decision at all.</p>
    <p>What was Happy scheming?</p>
    <p>Not just Blue Rain, but all the spectators couldn’t help but think that way.</p>
    <p>After all, everyone was like as Li Yibo had said; they couldn’t figure out what Happy was up to.</p>
    <p>There must be a deeper reason, right? If it was just a trade, then that was unreasonable.</p>
    <p>The spectators didn’t understand; they could just joke around about it. Li Yibo didn’t understand; he could yell about it in the broadcast. However, what about Yu Wenzhou? As Blue Rain’s captain and their commander on the field, he couldn’t make a decision blindly.</p>
    <p>However, right now, he had to, because there was no time for him to consider the situation slowly. Hesitation was already surfacing amongst Blue Rain’s ranks. Without a clear command to direct them, if they wanted to save their Soul Speaker, but also wanted to take down Little Cold Hands, they might end up with nothing accomplished and their efforts wasted. Then, they really would be on the track to losing.</p>
    <p>Was this hesitation something Happy purposefully tried to elicited?</p>
    <p>That was all Yu Wenzhou could come up with in the time he was given. His mind moved fast, but at a time like this he wanted nothing more than a skill that could stop time, pause the entire battlefield and let him contemplate their situation properly.</p>
    <p>But now, he had to take decisive action.</p>
    <p>Thus, Yu Wenzhou used his actions to direct his teammates. Swoksaar raised his arm and pointed Curse of Destruction at Little Cold Hands, unleashing a curse.</p>
    <p>Understood!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s members immediately understood, so no matter how hesitant they felt, they all went directly after Little Cold Hands. If they killed the Cleric quick enough, then they might even be able to go back and rescue their Soul Speaker. Considering endurance, Paladins had the advantage over Clerics. After all, this was a class that could act as an MT. With their plate armor, plus their Holy Shield Technique, Halo Smash, Life Activation, Extreme Survival, etc, or defensive skills, or skills that could help them endure. Otherwise, why would people say that Paladins were more defensive?</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi was also keeping watch for Yu Wenzhou’s decision.</p>
    <p>Their opponents were probably aiming for a trade, and what they wanted, naturally, was to see their opponent’s healer wiped out while theirs was fine.</p>
    <p>So, this decision wasn’t abandoning him, and Xu Jingxi naturally couldn’t just sit and watch. He had to be the most focused member on the field, because he would be facing off against three of Happy’s members, and his goal was to survive through this attack, as long as he could.</p>
    <p>A Holy Shield Technique first!</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi decided. Since healers weren’t very good at movement, he didn’t bother trying to avoid Happy’s members and play hide and seek with them. He planned to play to the Paladin’s talents and take every chance he could get to survive.</p>
    <p>However, after he made the actions to activate the technique, but Holy Shield Technique didn’t appear!</p>
    <p>He was silenced?</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi startled. This silence came from… Little Cold Hand’s Sacred Fire…</p>
    <p>An Wenyi, against an assault even more intense than the one Xu Jingxi was facing was still supporting Happy’s offensive at a time like this?</p>
    <p>This time, it was a Sacred Fire. Next, was he going to send over a Holy Commandment or something?</p>
    <p>Blue Rain naturally wouldn’t let An Wenyi have it so easy. Letting a Sacred Fire through was careless. No matter what the next skill was, they would interrupt it at once.</p>
    <p>Just this Sacred Fire was enough to prove Happy’s determination. They didn’t seem to be trying to play a trick or anything. They seemed to be completely focused on this trade between healers.</p>
    <p>At this point, even if they had made a mistake, even if they had missed something, they could only continue charging down the path they had chosen!</p>
    <p>Seeing Happy’s determination, Yu Wenzhou didn’t waver, instead hardening his resolve.</p>
    <p>All out offense. Both sides were putting everything they had into DPS.</p>
    <p>Neither team’s healer bothered with trying to dodge, both doing their best to endure the assault head on.</p>
    <p>Happy’s Little Cold Hands had low defense, but An Wenyi was a master at grabbing opportunities. Even under this siege, he still managed to time a few instant cast heals for himself. Powerful, high crit rate heals instantly restored Little Cold Hands’ health, almost like bringing himself back from the brink of death.</p>
    <p>As for Blue Rain’s Soul Speaker, he had high defense and more health than Little Cold Hands. Though his self protection methods had been interrupted by Little Cold Hands’ Sacred Fire at first, messing up his rhythm, he still seemed more likely to survive than Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>But reality proved otherwise.</p>
    <p>Though Soul Speaker had more health than Little Cold Hands, he wasn’t at 100 percent, only 71.</p>
    <p>This was the effect of Su Mucheng’s harassment just now.</p>
    <p>In an all out battle, no character would stay at 100 percent. For a good healer, keeping each character’s health at a safe level within their control, that was enough. In addition, Xu Jingxi has fell into an awkward position where his mana might not be enough, so he spent as little of it as possible. Thus, Blue Rain’s entire team was at a slightly lower health, including himself.</p>
    <p>However, in the blink of an eye, he had fallen into a situation where he had to use his health to endure. Xu Jingxi regretted not casting a few more skills on himself.</p>
    <p>Who would win in this trade?</p>
    <p>Right now, no one was sure. Little Cold Hands had a weaker defense, and Blue Rain had a strong offense. Soul Speaker had less health, and while Happy might be down one player, they had more ways to provide buffs and debuffs.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Sword Boundary increased all of Happy’s Strength and Intelligence.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea’s Pulse Break lowered Soul Speaker’s Strength and Intelligence.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain’s Armor Piercing Missile could destroy Soul Speaker’s Defense.</p>
    <p>What made things even more depressing for Xu Jingxi was that just when he had found an opportunity to use Life Activation, Lord Grim waved his hands and sprinkled some Disperse Powder onto him, removing the healing.</p>
    <p>“It looks like the two sides are evenly matched,” After a certain point, Li Yibo got a rough idea and carefully made a note.</p>
    <p>“Yes, but I feel like Happy’s attacks are more complete. Blue Rain’s offense isn’t perfect,” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“They have some doubts in their heart! If it wasn’t for these doubts, they wouldn’t have let Little Cold Hands send out that Sacred Fire,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“They’re still wondering why Happy did what they did!” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“Yes, even though they slowly strengthened their resolve, it still delayed them,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“Which side will be faster?” Pan Lin raised the most concerning issue.</p>
    <p>“No one will know until the end,” Li Yibo said. This time, it wasn’t that he didn’t dare to guess, it was that he was certain this race wouldn’t be as simple as just a contest of DPS. At the end, just before the final blow, the two sides would certainly try to stop the other.</p>
    <p>A trade was just something said.</p>
    <p>Any team would hope to kill the other side, while preserving their own. As a result, in the final moment, the two sides would definitely make one last ditch effort to protect their side’s healer. Li Yibo believed this with absolute certainty.</p>
    <p>“It’s almost time!” Seeing that Little Cold Hands and Soul Speaker were about to hit 10% health, Li Yibo suddenly spoke out.</p>
    <p>“Almost time?” Pan Lin was confused.</p>
    <p>“Pay attention to the final moments,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“The deciding moment!” Pan Lin raised his voice to hype up the crowd.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, as Li Yibo predicted, a change occurred in the final moments.</p>
    <p>A grenade was suddenly thrown from Bullet Rain towards Happy’s space.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>However, the grenade only flew halfway before exploding. There was no light, only a powerful pressure that appeared even stronger because of the sand. In an instant, a sandstorm formed.</p>
    <p>“Burst Grenade!” Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>If Zheng Xuan’s sneaky Burst Grenade had landed in Happy’s space, the entirety of Team Happy would be sent flying away, collapsing their encirclement on Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>But Happy had been wary. Lord Grim shot the grenade out of the air, successfully blocking it.</p>
    <p>“He truly is Ye Xiu!” Li Yibo praised from the bottom of his heart. Whether it was technique or situational awareness, he deserved praised for all of them.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar was chanting a curse. Suddenly, a star seemed to twinkle in the cloud of sand stirred up by the Burst Grenade.</p>
    <p>It really was a star!</p>
    <p>Star Refraction!</p>
    <p>A ray of light shot out. No one in Blue Rain had any methods to block it. The bonus skills attached to Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella seemed endless. He had never used this Star Refraction before.</p>
    <p>Star Refraction hit all four members of Blue Rain. Although the level one Star Refraction dealt little damage and had no attack effects, Swoksaar’s casting had been interrupted. At the same time, a grenade rolled over.</p>
    <p>Star Refraction was just to use up Blue Rain’s methods. The true killing blow was this grenade.</p>
    <p>“Burst Grenade!!” Zheng Xuan instantly recognized the grenade, but it was too late for him to block it.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Happy returned the favor with a Burst Grenade of their own. But because of this skill’s low level, it wasn’t as powerful as Bullet Rain’s Burst Grenade. Even so, everyone in Blue Rain had been forced flying.</p>
    <p>Immortal Guides the Way!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain was able to squeeze out this skill.</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands was suddenly blown back together with Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud.</p>
  </body>
</html>
