<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1293: Being Too Skilled Can Become An Opening Too</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1293: Being Too Skilled Can Become An Opening Too</h1>
    <p>"Too messy!" Steamed Bun sent a head-shaking sighing emoji like a teacher lecturing a student. Then, Steamed Bun Invasion faced Chaotic Cloudy Mountain's attack directly.</p>
    <p>Circle Sweep Kick!</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountains leaped into the air and looked as if he were trying to step on Steamed Bun Invasion. However, everyone knew that Grapplers had all sorts of grab skills. Getting kicked wasn't the scary part. It was the sweep following the kick that was terrifying. The sweep had grab priority, and it knocked the target to the ground.　</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun looked like he knew about the threat of this skill. He didn't use a skill to fight force with force. Instead, he rushed forward aggressively and then dodged to the side.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan was watching Steamed Bun Invasion's movements closely. If Steamed Bun didn't move too far away, he would still be able to hook onto the target if he adjusted his Circle Sweep Kick. But when Steamed Bun Invasion dodged, he strode three steps. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain's legs weren't that long. His attack was dodged cleanly. But Lu Boyuan still had his Chaotic Cloudy Mountain finish the sweep in the air. Even though it didn't hit a target, it stopped his character's aerial momentum.</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion threw a Brick. His prediction was off, and the Brick whistled by Chaotic Cloud Mountain.　　</p>
    <p>"Oh! You've got some skill!" Steamed Bun Invasion praised his opponent. At this moment, Steamed Bun Invasion slid forward, wanting to attack with a Tiger Flips the Mountain when Chaotic Cloudy Mountain fell.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan saw everything clearly and didn't say a word. Just when his character was about to touch the ground and the instant Steamed Bun Invasion's arm smashed towards him, Chaotic Cloudy Mountain suddenly raised his two legs, twisting onto Steamed Bun Invasion's shoulders.　</p>
    <p>Aerial Twist!</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain twisted in the air, and his two legs, wrapped around Steamed Bun Invasion's shoulder, threw him onto the ground.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan used this grab skill for a dismantle effect. Being able to stop Tiger Flips the Mountains using such precise manipulation of a skill required incredible perception.</p>
    <p>Samsara's fans fired up. Even though it was just a skill hitting, it was a brilliant play.</p>
    <p>The attacks weren't over yet though.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain had wrapped around Steamed Bun Invasion's shoulders and flipped him towards the ground, but the throw wasn't aimed directly downwards. Midway, Chaotic Cloudy Mountain loosened his legs and landed on the ground first. He then stepped forward and reached out with his hands, catching the tumbling Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Overhead Toss!</p>
    <p>Anothing skill was released. Steamed Bun Invasion was grabbed by Chaotic Cloudy Mountain and thrown towards the ground. A huge rumble exploded. Just the sound alone told how heavy this throw was. It still wasn't over yet though.</p>
    <p>Ground Toss!</p>
    <p>While one arm threw Steamed Bun Invasion onto the ground, the other hand stretched forward and grabbed him again, not leaving Steamed Bun Invasion any time to roll away. His arm hoisted him up and threw him back into the air.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain jumped up high. This time, he used both hands to grab Steamed Bun Invasion and then: Slam Dunk!</p>
    <p>With matchless strength, Steamed Bun Invasion was thrown fiercely towards the ground This high-level skill's power was no small matter. Steamed Bun Invasion smashed into the ground, forming a crater. From the way his body was bent, it looked like his back had snapped.</p>
    <p>With just this brief combo, Steamed Bun Invasion had lost a fifth of his health. It hadn't even been ten seconds since the two characters had met. Luo Boyuan's efficiency made everyone gasp in awe. The Samsara fans were already going crazy. Happy's fans couldn't help but start to sweat for Steamed Bun.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan didn't get distracted by the previous combo. After Slam Dunk, he immediately pounced on Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Brick!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion leaped out from that crater, while also throwing a Brick. His attack had been quite sudden. However, after a season of competitive play, Steamed Bun's crazed love for Brick, which was often used as soon as it went off cooldown whether or not it made any sense, had become a signature move for him. How could pro players not catch onto this and fall for it again and again?</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain sidestepped it, dodging the Brick, and continued to press closer.</p>
    <p>Sand Toss, Poison Needle, Molotov Cocktail.　</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun looked like he was panicked and was throwing whatever he could at his opponent. How could such a brainless offensive stump Lu Boyuan? Chaotic Cloudy Mountain continued to press closer and closer.　　</p>
    <p>Brick!</p>
    <p>Another Brick!　　</p>
    <p>After a few more skills, the Brick came off cooldown again and Steamed Bun Invasion immediately used it without any hesitation.　</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Had this guy been thrown silly? What the heck was this?　　</p>
    <p>"Has Bao Rongxing lost it?" On the broadcast, Pan Lin was dumbfounded. There didn't seem to be any hints of thought behind Steamed Bun's moves. He just looked to be throwing things randomly. He looked completely powerless. An extra being helpless against the hero was common in movies, but this was the Pro Alliance. It was said that there were no weak players in the pro circle, but this ridiculous performance seemed to show otherwise!</p>
    <p>Li Boyi also thought the same, but he resisted opening his mouth. This Bao Rongxing always pulled out the biggest surprises. Casually declaring a verdict wouldn't be good. It would be better to keep watching. Maybe he was currently trying something crazy. What if it takes effect immediately afterwards?</p>
    <p>Li Yibo thought in this way. Lu Boyuan didn't dare be careless either. They had studied Steamed Bun's matches in particular, but apart from his love for Bricks, he didn't seem to follow any other rules. There wasn't much that could be done for pre-planning against this sort of opponent. He just had to perform well when the time came. Focus! Focus was important because Steamed Bun could suddenly pull out a trick from nowhere. Sometimes Steamed Bun's plays would be brilliant, other times his plays would be stupid. If he didn't focus, maybe the stupid play might work out. Quite a few players had fallen against this rookie. And after they lost, they would complain to the reporters incessantly and looked as if they could go on for three days and three nights.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan didn't want to capsize like them, so even if Steamed Bun looked like he was lost, he didn't let down his guard. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain once again pressed towards Steamed Bun Invasion. Lu Boyuan didn't force his way through. He used a low-level Fling as a probe for the start of his next round of attacks.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan stared closely at Steamed Bun Invasion's movements. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain's two hands reached out, but then he saw Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly crouch down. His right knee lifted up, while his left foot pushed off the ground.</p>
    <p>Powerful Knee Strike!</p>
    <p>This skill name flashed through Lu Boyuan's mind. Which attack was faster, Fling or Powerful Knee Strike? The answer was clear in an instant.</p>
    <p>Powerful Knee Strike would arrive first, but Fling could be saved through some adjustments. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain crouched down, while his two hands reached upwards. He was planning to Fling his opponent once the Powerful Knee Strike passed. Lu Boyuan once again displayed his precise judgement, but this time, Chaotic Cloudy Mountain did all this for nothing. The Powerful Kee Strike he had been anticipating didn't appear.</p>
    <p>All of the viewers saw what had happened.　　</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion had lifted his right knee and his left foot pushed against the ground, but he didn't soar through the air. This attack wasn't a Powerful Knee Strike. It was just a normal one. But the problem was that for a normal knee strike, this distance was too long; it didn't even reach Chaotic Cloudy Mountain. It was a complete miss.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion raised his knee, minding his own business, and didn't hit the target. However, not hitting the target seemed to have the same effect. When Steamed Bun Invasion was two steps away, Chaotic Cloudy appeared to have been hit by the knee strike. His body crumbled and bent, his two arms went up into the air as if he were surrendering.</p>
    <p>Everyone was dumbfounded at this strange scene.　　</p>
    <p>When Lu Boyuan saw that he had predicted wrong, he knew that the situation wasn't good. But when he tried to adjust Chaotic Cloudy Mountain's position, crack!</p>
    <p>The crisp clear sound of bones shattering could be heard by everyone. After Steamed Bun Invasion feinted a knee strike, he suddenly used a real Powerful Knee Strike. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain was still crouched down. Right when he was about to retreat, this Powerful Knee Strike hit Chaotic Cloudy Mountain square in the chest.</p>
    <p>Everyone's hearts turned cold at the sound of this crackling. It was as if they could feel the pain from this attack themselves. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain fell backwards, and Lu Boyuan immediately Quick Recovered. Steamed Bun Invasion's Powerful Knee Strike had been extremely fast though. He landed on the ground and followed with a Tyrannical Chain Punch, beating on the fallen Chaotic Cloudy Mountain.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan was depressed!</p>
    <p>Focus, focus! He had been so focused, yet he had still fallen for a trick. That hadn't been a Powerful Knee Strike previously, but a regular knee strike. Using a regular knee strike made absolutely no sense. It wouldn't be able to hit anything. It wouldn't be able to block anything. If Chaotic Cloudy Mountain hadn't dodged it and continued forward, Steamed Bun would be in the grasp of his hands. But the problem was that not a single brain cell of his thought that this would be a regular knee strike. Had he baited himself?　</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan couldn't help but think about what had happened previously as Steamed Bun Invasion pummeled him. If that had been a trap, then Steamed Bun was truly bold. It was because he was skilled enough that he could react in that instant. If it hadn't been him, if it had been a random player from the game, Lu Boyuan was certain that Steamed Bun Invasion would instead be the one pressed to the ground.</p>
    <p>An opening had appeared because he had been too skilled?</p>
    <p>Luo Boyuan couldn't accept it.</p>
    <p>Tyrannical Chain Punch ended, and Steamed Bun Invasion leaped back. Lu Boyuan recovered and had Chaotic Cloudy Mountain get up. As soon as looked up, he saw Steamed Bun Invasion's knee rise up again.</p>
    <p>Powerful Knee Strike!</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan was just about to have Chaotic Cloudy Mountain dodge to the side, but then he saw that Steamed Bun Invasion didn't fly forward. It was another empty knee strike. Lu Boyuan only then remembered, Powerful Knee Strike had just been used. That wasn't a low-level skill. It couldn't be off cooldown yet.</p>
    <p>"You're crazy!!" Lu Boyuan lost his cool. Using a normal knee strike at that distance? Apart from crazy, there was no other explanation. Just when he blurted this out, Steamed Bun Invasion raised his arms and threw a Brick.</p>
    <p>"A Brick again? Is that all you know?" Lu Boyuan shouted as Chaotic Cloudy Mountain dodged. He wasn't the type of person who liked to talk a lot during a match, but facing this opponent, Lu Boyuan felt like if he didn't vent, he would choke to death.</p>
  </body>
</html>
