<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 115 – Going All Out</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 115 – Going All Out</h1>
    <p>Uncommon materials, self-made equipment!!</p>
    <p>Liu Hao quickly thought of these two things and then immediately understood Ye Xiu’s purpose. He suddenly laughed wildly: “HA HA HA HA HA, so this is his plan.”</p>
    <p>On the other line, Chen Yehui almost threw out his phone in surprise. After steadying himself, he carefully asked: “What do you mean?”</p>
    <p>“Hmm, it’s too bad. He’s already been completely seen through by me. With his current state, how does he plan on fighting me? Is he going to start over and try again? Dream on!!” Liu Hao was already talking to himself. Chen Yehui heard this while saying helplessly: “Liu, if there’s nothing else to attend to, then I’m going to hang up!”</p>
    <p>“Okay, go back and prepare accounts to use for Boneyard. I need a Spellblade, Sharpshooter, Striker, Blade Master, and a Witch.” Liu Hao ordered.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Chen Yehui replied. Hearing these five classes, he was secretly startled. For the previous record, Liu Hao had only picked three classes. This time, he had picked five classes. Could it be that he was going to bring out five pro-players to set the record for Boneyard? What exactly has he discovered? He was actually starting to put even more energy on this dungeon.</p>
    <p>In Happy Internet Cafe, Ye Xiu and Tang Rou continued to level and weren’t doing anything out of the ordinary. Chen Guo had already become numb to it. That morning, after waking up, Ye Xiu unexpectedly went over to look for her.</p>
    <p>“Boss, lend me your account for me to play with!” Ye Xiu had come over to borrow her account card.</p>
    <p>“What are you planning on doing?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Clearing a low-leveled dungeon.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Clearing a low-leveled dungeon?” Chen Guo stared blankly. She handed over her Chasing Haze while following along to see what he was planning on doing.</p>
    <p>Chasing Haze was an account that had already entered the Heavenly Domain. But that didn’t mean she couldn’t leave the Heavenly Domain. After Ye Xiu had Chasing Haze leave the Heavenly Domain, he immediately rushed over to the low-leveled dungeon Boneyard.</p>
    <p>The Boneyard in the old server naturally wasn’t as lively as the tenth server’s Boneyard, but there were still a few players there. Seeing a Level 70 character appear, players immediately filled the screen with messages of “Sister, please carry me.” Quite a few parties had already sent out party invites. This was the benefit of playing in an old server! When comparing leveling speed, leveling in the old server was absolutely faster than leveling in the new server. Even if you didn’t know any friends, there were quite a few high-leveled accounts that specially came to sell their services to carry low-leveled accounts.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu obviously ignored these players. He immediately had Chasing Haze enter the dungeon. A Level 70 account wouldn’t have any problems clearing this low-leveled dungeon, not to mention that Ye Xiu was the one controlling it. But after entering the dungeon, Ye Xiu wasn’t in a hurry to fight. He had Chasing Haze run this way and that until eventually, a mob of monsters followed behind her butt. It looked as if he were flirting with these monsters.</p>
    <p>“What are you doing?” Chen Guo didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“Oh, I’m just looking at this dungeon. My account doesn’t have any entries left.” Ye Xiu explained, while playing. Chasing Haze unleashed a few skills and the mob of monsters were wiped clean. Following after, Ye Xiu fished out a notebook from his pocket.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was familiar with this notebook. If you took a left turn after leaving the Internet Cafe, there was a shop that sold these for 3 RMB each. Once the notebook was flipped open, Chen Guo looked at it and saw that there were already a few notes messily written in the first few pages. On them, there were even a few indistinguishable things drawn on. Ye Xiu flipped to the last page and then immediately began scribbling.</p>
    <p>“You’re taking notes?” Chen Guo felt refreshed.</p>
    <p>“I’m researching it in preparation for setting a new dungeon record.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo stared blankly and didn’t know what to say. Ye Xiu’s concentration and seriousness made her feel moved. She also liked Glory. She was also a considerably loyal fan. But for Ye Xiu, she could tell that he had a completely different attitude towards the game. She was playing the game, but for Ye Xiu, Chen Guo suddenly felt that the word “playing” couldn’t be used to describe him.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo couldn’t help but think of nine years ago when she took the Internet Cafe under her care. She was completely surrounded by gazes that doubted her, though it was true that she knew nothing. From that day onwards, she soaked in the Internet Cafe and little by little paid attention to her customer’s needs. She continuously improved the Internet Cafe’s environment and tried out all sorts of methods to draw in more customers. Every night, she calculated that day’s customer flow and looked for patterns.</p>
    <p>The her at that time was similar to the current Ye Xiu: concentrated, serious, and spared no efforts. It was extremely exhausting, but when she saw how her Internet Cafe was doing better and better every day, she felt that much more satisfied. The current Internet Cafe had a steady customer flow and the income that came in far exceeded the income at that time. But how long had it been since she had felt that sort of satisfaction?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was somewhat envious of Ye Xiu. But besides envy, there was also some sympathy. To put so much effort into the game, yet to be kicked out of the pro-scene, how sad! Chen Guo suddenly felt her heart ache. She couldn’t help but think of the recently retired Ye Qiu. At the time of his retirement, the person suffering the most had to be the person himself, no? It truly was a cruel word.</p>
    <p>The pen tip scribbled across the notebook. Ye Xiu didn’t notice the change in Chen Guo behind him. Chen Guo didn’t disturb him any further and silently walked away in grief.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu continued to use Chasing Haze to explore Boneyard. A high-leveled account brought along with it a lot of conveniences that low-leveled accounts didn’t have. The notes written on the notebook increased more and more. Unwittingly, the run had been completed. Ye Xiu didn’t stop. He had Chasing Haze enter the dungeon again. Except this time, he spent more time playing and less time taking notes.</p>
    <p>After three runs, Chasing Haze’s entries had all been used up. Ye Xiu harvested quite a bit from this. He logged out of the game in satisfaction and returned the account card to Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“How was it?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Pretty good.” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“Okay, you can do it!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“What?” Ye Xiu didn’t hear her clearly.</p>
    <p>“You can do it.” Chen Guo repeated.</p>
    <p>“I didn’t hear wrong did I?” Ye Xiu widened his eyes. He had put so much effort in the low-leveled dungeon. Wasn’t she supposed to look down on him? She was cheering him on right now. Moreover, her tone seemed a little…….gentle? Thinking of this word, Ye Xiu couldn’t help but shiver. This word seemed a little wrong to describe Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“Get lost, go to sleep!!” Chen Guo was furious. This guy truly didn’t know good from bad.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu immediately relaxed. This was the Chen Guo he was used to. He wasn’t talking to the wrong person.</p>
    <p>Nothing exciting happened during the day. At night, when Chen Guo was getting ready to go to bed, Ye Xiu and Tang Rou turned on their computers in glowing spirits and began their day.</p>
    <p>In game, after Ye Xiu went online, he whispered to Steamed Bun Invasion and told him to come to dungeon with him at midnight. In the end, Steamed Bun Invasion recommended him that Hateful Sword. He said that after fighting him in the Arena for the past two days, that Hateful Sword’s skill improved by a lot.</p>
    <p>“Really? Then when the time comes, bring him with you.” Ye Xiu laughed and then ignored the rest of Steamed Bun Invasion’s boasting. In any case, besides the four main players in their party, there was still an empty position. It didn’t matter who came.</p>
    <p>“Okay, come along with us tonight to dungeon.” Steamed Bun Invasion told Hateful Sword, who was in the Arena with him.</p>
    <p>“Really? That’s great.” Liu Hao really was happy. Except even though he was happy on the outside, he was dark on the inside.</p>
    <p>“Let me tell you this. When you meet God, you have to be polite. If he can instruct you on anything, it’ll be the gift of a lifetime!” Steamed Bun Invasion said heartfeltly.</p>
    <p>F*ck his instructions!! Liu Hao cursed inwardly. Fortunately, after being with Steamed Bun Invasion for two days, his tolerance towards the noob’s babbling nonsense had clearly improved. In the end, he still embodied his pro-level inner qualities and adaptability. Although he was furiously cursing in his heart, he was smiling on the outside: “Of course.”</p>
    <p>At midnight 0 o’clock, the party gathered. Steamed Bun Invasion and Hateful Sword arrived from the Arena at the same time. Ye Xiu and Tang Rou were already together and they casually greeted him. Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist was the last to arrive and also greeted the newcomer.</p>
    <p>“Is she Su Mucheng?” Liu Hao guessed. She had only said a short greeting, so he wasn’t able to tell.</p>
    <p>However, but whether or not she was Su Mucheng wasn’t Liu Hao’s main focus. He stayed low and cautious and followed the party into the dungeon.</p>
    <p>“This time, we’re going to be practicing the strategy for setting Boneyard’s record. It’s currently still in the testing stage, so there might be a few overlooked places. Everyone, be careful.” Ye Xiu said after entering the dungeon.</p>
    <p>“Did you hear what he was saying? I’m talking to you!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Who?” Liu Hao answered. They were all characters in the game, so there wasn’t any contact between them. There was no way to tell who Steamed Bun Invasion was talking to. Noobs were noobs.</p>
    <p>“You! Besides you, we’ve all been teammates before.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>Liu Hao slapped himself. He only had himself to blame! Why’d he have to be partners with this rotten Steamed Bun!</p>
    <p>“Huh? What was that sound? I thought I heard a “slap” sound. Did you hear that?” Steamed Bun Invasion yelled.</p>
    <p>Liu Hao started sweating. He really couldn’t be careless! They had even heard that.</p>
    <p>“I heard it. Let’s begin.” Ye Xiu didn’t use any skill to change topics. Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t move or speak. No one knew whether or not this guy was trying to listen for a second “slap”.</p>
    <p>“The most important point in setting the Boneyard record is your pathing. By using good pathing, you use the most ideal movements to alarm the least amount of monsters underneath the ground. Our strategy will be using this line of thinking. Everyone pay attention. Do your best to make sure that you don’t make a single wrong step. Hateful Sword….. come back first.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ah?” Liu Hao stared blankly.</p>
    <p>“What ah! We just started and you’ve already began randomly running around. We won’t be bringing you!!” Steamed Bun Invasion solemnly criticized Hateful Sword.</p>
    <p>“What’s wrong?” Liu Hao still didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“It looks like you know the strategy?” Ye Xiu said. If they weren’t rushing for the record, there was no need to save time. If they had more monsters to fight, then there would even be a bit more experience for them. That’s why Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion had no clue on the strategy for record-setting.</p>
    <p>“I know it…… In the beginning, I thought that there wasn’t much to pay attention to?” Liu Hao said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha, we’re going to be using a new strategy.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Did you not hear it? New strategy. It’s not that outdated strategy you know of.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“New strategy?” Liu Hao was in a daze.</p>
    <p>“Right, everyone pay attention to how I move. I’ll talk while I move.” Ye Xiu said. He had already let his Lord Grim rush forward. In the blink of an eye, the earth that met his body opened up and four undead monsters began climbing up.</p>
    <p>“What’s different about this strategy?” Liu Hao was at a loss. The four monsters in the beginning couldn’t be avoided, which was why they would swarm around them and kill them off. Right now, what was so special about Lord Grim’s pathing? Didn’t it also alarm four monsters?</p>
  </body>
</html>
