<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 54 – Show Me</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 54 – Show Me</h1>
    <p>Tang Rou was still a newbie in this area, so she obviously didn’t understand the situation. And Chen Guo? She played Launcher! Although she had watched many wonderfuls videos on Battle Mages, she never truly researched the class. She had browsed the Internet and clicked on guides just this afternoon. Chen Guo was recklessly relying on a hopelessly optimistic gamble. Her search words were Battle Mage and the author, Ye Qiu or One Autumn Leaf. Seeing a match, she picked the guide without thinking too much about it and arranged them for Tang Rou in volumes. But they had only started on the first page and Ye Xiu already criticized it saying that this guide was out of date in some places.</p>
    <p>Now that he mentioned it, it really had been nine years! Who knew how many times Glory had been tweaked, which class hadn’t experienced changes? If there hadn’t been a single change in nine years, wouldn’t that mean the players hadn’t improved in that time? If it really was like this, then the game Glory wouldn’t be so popular. The game also had time to grow!</p>
    <p>“Are you saying the truth?” Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Yup.”</p>
    <p>“Then which four places?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Why don’t you two go eat dinner? I’ll revise the guide for you.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Of these two people, one of them was engrossed in the game, while the other made a firm resolution to get engrossed in the game. They had researched the Battle Mage together and didn’t think to eat. Once they heard Ye Xiu say this, they both felt a little hungry.</p>
    <p>“Then we’ll head to dinner first?” Chen Guo asked for Tang Rou’s opinion.</p>
    <p>“Okay, sorry to trouble you.” The latter half of Tang Rou’s response was directed towards Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Go, go!” Ye Xiu drove away the two of them. Not long after sitting down, he heard Chen Guo’s cry of surprise: “Why is today’s dinner so luxurious? Who ordered it?”</p>
    <p>Once she heard everyone say that it was Brother Ye, Chen Guo disdained him even more and said to Tang Rou: “He really knows how to take advantage of other people.”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha.” Tang Rou laughed.</p>
    <p>“You too. After losing so many times, you don’t feel bad?” Chen Guo saw that Tang Rou didn’t take the 1100 Yuan she lost seriously at all. Although she had worked two years as a long-time employee at the Internet Cafe, Chen Guo had deliberately raised her salary. But Tang Rou really didn’t do anything too different from other employees. In the Internet Cafe, how many things could a sister do? She could really only keep watch at the reception desk. As a result, her salary couldn’t actually be raised by that much. 1100 Yuan couldn’t be a small amount for Tang Rou, but Tang Rou didn’t seem to mind. Her temper was the complete opposite of this Boss Chen Guo’s.</p>
    <p>With the popularity of Chen Guo’s Internet Cafe, at worst, she could guarantee a net income of one to two hundred thousand a month. A thousand Yuan wasn’t much for her. But it also hadn’t been easy for Chen Guo to have the Internet Cafe develop to its current level. In addition, with a steady flow of customers, she didn’t really have any habit of wastefully spending money. Even for Chen Guo, losing a thousand Yuan in a few casual bouts of PK made her heart ache for Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“Of course!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“You’ve lost all your money. What are you going to eat this month.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you in charge of food?” Tang Rou smiled.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was helpless. Her guarantee that the Internet Cafe took care of food and shelter raised a bunch of people who spent their income before they earned their next salary.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and eat. After eating, let’s see what new trick that guy’s come up with.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Meanwhile, Ye Xiu quickly revised the outdated parts. Afterwards, he looked at the materials Chen Guo arranged for Tang Rou. He saw that Miss High and Mighty Chen Guo’s trademark awareness was extremely strong. She had picked everything that had Ye Qiu or One Autumn Leaf on it. Seeing this, Ye Xiu really didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He cleaned up anything unnecessary, repeated, and outdated. He added in anything missing, deleted anything that could be deleted, fixed anything that could be fixed, and elaborated on anything that could be elaborated on. While busily working in this abyss of suffering, Chen Guo and Tang Rou finished eating and returned. Chen Guo glanced and saw that Ye Xiu only glimpsed at the guide she had looked hard for, and then threw it in the trash. She immediately rushed up to ask: “What are you doing?”</p>
    <p>“There’s a bunch of useless repeated things in that messy pile of yours. I’m helping you tidy it up.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Really?” Chen Guo was skeptical. Although Ye Xiu always made her pissed, Chen Guo recognized his skill in Glory. This Ye Xiu really was better than her by a lot.</p>
    <p>“Are you sure? These are all posts written by the God Ye Qiu.” Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“I’m sure. How could I not be? If he knew, he would also be very thankful for having the opportunity to let me tidy it up.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No good. Let me check that guide you threw into the trash.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“If you can understand it, then go ahead!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo turned gloomy! Truthfully, she had never played Battle Mage. She only had a bit of knowledge on the mid-game and late-game content in those guides. When she reached this content, Tang Rou had to figure it out on her own. But seeing Ye Xiu’s very professional look, Chen Guo couldn’t help but say: “Can you really teach?”</p>
    <p>“I can.”</p>
    <p>“You know everything about Battle Mages?”</p>
    <p>“I do.”</p>
    <p>“You’re not afraid that little Tang’s going to beat you after teaching her?”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha.” Ye Xiu laughed, “How could it be that easy. The master leads the way, but it depends on you yourself to learn. Have you heard of this before? The theories are all the same, but whether or not you can learn it depends on you yourself. Even if I don’t teach, the guides are public. If you spend the time, you can definitely learn it. My teaching will only save you some time.”</p>
    <p>“What you say is clear and logical. Then let me ask you, if you want to increase hand speed, what should you do?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Absolute hand speed or effective hand speed?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Obviously effective hand speed.” Chen Guo said. Absolute hand speed was just how fast you could hit the keyboard and click the mouse with your eyes closed. If you couldn’t use it in an actual battle, then it doesn’t matter how fast you were. As a result, effective hand speed was more important. It was the APM after getting rid of all of the useless actions.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu groped around his pockets. He took out something and gave it to Chen Guo: “Take it and play.”</p>
    <p>“What is it?” Chen Guo took it and looked. It was a palm-sized plastic board. On top were three rows with a total of ten mouse heads. It was a mini-whack-a-mole.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo turned so furious, her nose almost went crooked. What type of trick was this? In the end, she heard Ye Xiu turn his head and say: “Try it!”</p>
    <p>“Try what?”</p>
    <p>“The power switch is on the bottom. You can change the level. Turn it to the lowest level and try! I’ve modified it. I promise you’ll love it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was skeptical. She turned on the toy and the ten mouse heads flashed. An electronic beep sounded out, which let Chen Guo set the levels using the mouse heads. Chen Guo pressed on the first head. After a small electronic tune played, the mouse heads began to flash.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo had played this type of mini whack-a-mole games before. She had to press whichever mouse head lit up. But the toy Ye Xiu gave her was much faster than what Chen Guo had expected. She hurriedly chased after the flashing lights and wildly pressed. Not even ten seconds had passed, when the mouse heads all flashed. They made a few sounds as if laughing at her, and then announced the end of the game.</p>
    <p>“120 APM!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was baffled..</p>
    <p>“People with an APM of 120 can barely go over 5 seconds. Go play with it. It’ll help your reaction speed.” Ye Xiu said, “If your playing speed won’t increase, then it’s mainly because you can’t react in time.”</p>
  </body>
</html>
