<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1025: Unexpected</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1025: Unexpected</h1>
    <p>After completing a 1v3, Ye Xiu came offstage. Fortunately, these words had only been spoken to the referee. If the whole stadium had heard him, the wind from the boos could probably directly blow Ye Xiu out of the building.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Sun Xiang left the player booths at almost exactly the same time. Naturally, they also reached their seats in their respective team areas at around the same time.</p>
    <p>Those on Happy's side naturally showed Ye Xiu a level of respect normally reserved for heroes, but what about Excellent Era? Tao Xuan was extremely gloomy. Yet, he still had to pat Sun Xiang on the back and console him. "Not bad. You were only off by a tiny bit."</p>
    <p>Indeed!</p>
    <p>0.03%</p>
    <p>Wasn't that just a tiny bit? Yet, this small bit had been the difference between heaven and hell. Sun Xiang felt infinitely conflicted, and could only stare at Team Happy's side. In regards to the boss's words of comfort, he said nothing, only nodding his head before sitting alone to the side.</p>
    <p>"We have to win the next round!" At this moment, Tao Xuan gave a desperate command. Even though they were a well-known and experienced team with all kinds of knowledge in coping with difficult situations, Sun Xiang had been defeated by Ye Xiu. This wasn't as simple as an ace player losing a match. Ye Xiu had always had an unusual effect on Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>Although Excellent Era was still clearly in the lead, the entire atmosphere of the stadium had changed after Ye Xiu's victory. All the Excellent Era fans had become uncharacteristically silent, as had the previously prideful and arrogant Sun Xiang.</p>
    <p>After warning the next player to go on stage, Tao Xuan once again glanced over towards Happy's side, his heart sinking at what he saw.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping!</p>
    <p>Surprisingly, Happy's fifth player in the group arena was actually Sun Zheping.</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan glanced at Xiao Shiqin, someone he relied heavily on. Prior to the competition, when they were deciding their lineup, the vice captain had guessed that Sun Zheping wouldn't come onstage during the group arena.</p>
    <p>As a first-generation God, Sun Zheping would obviously receive a lot of media attention after suddenly joining Happy. Many reporters present were looking for an opportunity to interview him.</p>
    <p>With Sun Zheping's personality, he obviously wouldn't cover up his hand injury. He calmly informed the reporters of his current situation. Thus, Xiao Shiqin's had assessed the situation and reached the conclusion that Sun Zheping would only be able to play in one of the rounds, either the group arena or the team competition, in the match against Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>After all, the difficulty in facing Excellent Era couldn't be compared to that of other teams. Unless Sun Zheping decisely forfeited the round when the tides of the battle turned, his hands would definitely have to weather an enormous amount of strain. If he appeared in both the group arena and the team competition, the burden would really be too heavy for him to bear.</p>
    <p>Except, he was an extremely strong player. This could be easily seen in the few matches in which he had appeared on stage before. As a result, Xiao Shiqin had believed that he would definitely conserve his strength during the group arena, and instead come out during the more important team competition.</p>
    <p>However, Sun Zheping was actually Happy's last player in the group arena. This was very unexpected in Xiao Shiqin's eyes. In this position, if the previous players fell behind, a huge burden would be placed on Sun Zheping's shoulders. Like right now, he would have to face two players back-to-back. Regardless of whether he won or lost, after facing this kind of strain, would he still be able to compete in the team round?</p>
    <p>"Could it be that the reports by the media were false?" Tao Xuan wondered.</p>
    <p>"That's not likely ..." Xiao Shiqin replied. He had entered the Alliance at a time when the Hundred Blossoms duo, Zhang Jiale and Sun Zheping, had been at its peak. Thus, he had a good understanding of this God. This kind of scheming behavior outside of a match wasn't in line with Sun Zheping's personality at all. In Xiao Shiqin's eyes, this man was the type of person who wouldn't hide his true circumstances. Even if he made a mistake, he was the type of person to face it head on like a real man instead of trying to pretend it didn't happen. To make a big deal out of something like a minor hand injury really didn't seem like something he would do.</p>
    <p>These years of retirement would be enough enough for him to change his temperament. Yet, seeing his performance on stage, he seemed just as fierce, wild, and untamed as before.</p>
    <p>In light of these circumstances, there was only one plausible explanation: Sun Zheping would not be appearing in the team competition.</p>
    <p>Then, who would be appearing in the team competition?</p>
    <p>In this way, Excellent Era's lineup for the team round would be disrupted. Xiao Shiqin had no idea that Sun Zheping, the definitive number two player in Happy who could even be called Ye Xiu's equal, would actually not be appearing in the team competition? This was actually as unexpected as one not bringing a Cleric to the team competition!</p>
    <p>In any case, the lineup for the team competition had long since been decided. There was no way to change it now. Luckily, he would be able to give the other players instructions during the team competition. When the time came to battle, he would simply have to make adjustments based on the situation! Xiao Shiqin took a deep breath, stopping his train of analyses and conjectures. He turned back to calmly watch the match.</p>
    <p>From Team Happy, Sun Zheping stepped onto stage.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era sent out Shen Jian, a Striker player.</p>
    <p>This was likely the only group arena match today in which Happy appeared to be the stronger contender on paper.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping was a former God. Although he had retired for many years, it was due to an injury, not because his condition was slipping. Zhang Jiale, who had been a player of the same generation as him, was still lively on stage. If not for the hand injury, Sun Zheping shouldn't be any worse than Zhang Jiale was now, so he should still be at the same level of an All-Star.</p>
    <p>What about Excellent Era's Shen Jian then? In Excellent Era, he could probably only be considered average.</p>
    <p>Before Sun Xiang came to Excellent Era, when Excellent Era's troop arrangements during the team competition were relatively stable, the lineup was made up of Ye Xiu's Battle Mage, Su Mucheng's Launcher, Liu Hao's Spellblade, Guo Yang's Qi Master, and Zhang Jiaxing's Cleric. He Ming's Elementalist was usually their sixth player.</p>
    <p>Shen Jian could be considered their substitute player. Depending on who their opponents were, he would sometimes have a chance to go onstage.　</p>
    <p>After Ye Xiu left, Excellent Era was relegated. Right afterwards, both Liu Hao and He Ming were traded for Xiao Shiqin, and Guo Yang left soon after. Of Excellent Era's original lineup, only Su Mucheng and Zhang Jiaxing remained. As a player with a decent amount of strength and battle experience, Shen Jian also naturally rose in the food chain, joining the main roster.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era was a powerhouse team. Being able to rise to the position of a substitute player showed that Shen Jian already possessed an impressive amount of skill. In a weaker team, he might even be considered a strong member. However, in the face of Sun Zheping, this kind of player was evidently still not enough. Right now, the only thing that made people worry was that Sun Zheping had retired due to an injury, before suddenly appearing in the scene once more after so many years. It was said that he still hadn't entirely recovered. Then, when all was said and done, how much strength did this player truly have left? His previous performances could be considered powerful, but Excellent Era's level was not the same as those other teams. Shen Jian was previously only a sub for the team, and even now, he was just a normal player on the main roster. If he was tossed in a team like Mysterious Fantasy or Jade Dynasty, he might even become their core player!</p>
    <p>In the face of this kind of player, would Sun Zheping still be able to showcase the same kind of overpowering performances he had before?</p>
    <p>This competition left the audience in this kind of suspense. In this match, the attention wouldn't be focused on Excellent Era's player. In the spotlight was Sun Zheping, the former number one Berserker.</p>
    <p>Yes, the topic had once again become focused on Sun Zheping. Team Happy ... why were they always casually tossed to the side?</p>
  </body>
</html>
