<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1407 -  Scrap Picking Your Health</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1407 -  Scrap Picking Your Health</h1>
    <p>Spirit Sacrifice. A Level 75 Summoner ultimate skill. It wasn’t just for spirit users, but it was the skill with the highest attack power across all Summoner skills. After this skill came out, countless Summoners started calculating the damage this skill could do and, from the current tests, Spirit Sacrifice seemed to be the second skill after the Assassin’s Life-Risking Strike that could accomplish a One-Hit KO.</p>
    <p>Of course, like Life-Risking Strike, wanting to successfully accomplish an OHKO was very troublesome.</p>
    <p>For Life-Risking Strike, most of the time, one had to achieve the requirements for “Assassination Arts”, “Critical Strike” and other damage increasing bonuses. As for Spirit Sacrifice, it was even more troublesome. The skill damage had to do with the number of spirits, the remaining health of spirits, and the remaining time the spirits had. In theory, when all these numbers were at their max, that was when Spirit Sacrifice was at its strongest. However, this was only theoretical; it was impossible to accomplish ingame. Just with the remaining time, it was impossible to have all spirits at their maximum at once. There would always be differences between those summoned first and those summoned later.</p>
    <p>All this was still in testing. In real combat, it would be even harder to find an opportune moment and conditions to activate a powerful Spirit Sacrifice. Plus, after Spirit Sacrifice was used, all spirits would disappear. For a Summoner, that was equal to losing all protection. If this strike missed, or failed to be fatal, then it would be a huge problem.</p>
    <p>Right now, Deception wasn’t at full health, but a Spirit Sacrifice with one large and four small Spirits wasn’t enough to kill him. Li Yuan’s goal was merely to get himself out of his current situation. Clearly, he didn’t think that his five spirits could give Mo Fan much trouble while he wasn’t able to control them properly, with the other so good at escaping, so he resolutely decided to detonate the five spirits he had managed to gather.</p>
    <p>The explosion didn’t make a huge noise like the cannon fire and explosions of Launchers and Spitfires. During Spirit Sacrifice, all that was heard was the sound of the spirits’ bodies shattering one after the other. The five spirits all unleashed the elemental power within them at once. Ice, fire, light and dark, the flash from the different elements erupted, striking everything within range.</p>
    <p>This attack was an AoE, and Deception was clearly within its area of effect. This attack came too suddenly, and Mo Fan didn’t even have the time to execute a Substitution Technique before the light of the different elements enveloped him.</p>
    <p>“It hit!!” Pan Lin yelled. Li Yuan took this time to get Eight Notes out of the way as he called the spirits that were still wandering about back to his side.</p>
    <p>The small spirits were about to disappear, so Li Yuan didn’t place any hope in them. The three large spirits were more important, and then, a Devil World Flower was soon planted.</p>
    <p>By now, the Spirit Sacrifice’s shockwaves were about done. This skill was all about the damage, and the shockwaves from the explosion of elemental power would continuously damage whoever was within range. Apart from damage, there weren’t any other effects. However, Devil World Flower’s attack had already arrived. Using the yet to disperse flash from the explosion, a vine silently shot out from the ground and grabbed Deception.</p>
    <p>Storm Shuriken!</p>
    <p>Escape arts were truly Mo Fan’s forte. He immediately countered when the vine came out, dozens of shurikens flying out like a storm, instantly cutting through the vine.</p>
    <p>The skill that had KO’d Devil World Flower last time, Ninja Arts: Explosive Flame Dragon, was a very powerful skill, but it’s cooldown was long, and it hadn’t come off its cooldown yet. Deception didn’t have any way to wipe out Devil World Flower right now, and this was precisely what made it so annoying.</p>
    <p>Hiding behind Devil World Flower, Eight Notes carefully began to summon again. The Big Spirits were on their way back, and the Little Spirits had mostly expired. He had to replenish his Little Spirits.</p>
    <p>The offensive Deception had launched while trapping Eight Notes in the corner just now had taken out a full 61 percent of Eight Notes’s health. Summoners were a fragile cloth armor class, so they couldn’t take a close range ranged beating like that. As for Deception, that Spirit Sacrifice had blasted off 20 percent of his health. Though it wasn’t as spectacular as his own offensive, Deception wasn’t at full health to begin with, so he only had 44 percent left, in the lead against Eight Notes’s 39 percent.</p>
    <p>“Happy’s Mo Fan really is a great player!” Pan Lin complimented.</p>
    <p>“I feel that he really is a mature player already. From his playstyle, you rarely see the incompleteness belonging to newbie players,” Li Yibo added.</p>
    <p>“However, he really is a rookie. I believe that there are many who know of this player. In his first match, he took two yellow cards and was disqualified,” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p> This event was truly surprising and unique. Even a newbie would have a hard time getting directly disqualified.</p>
    <p>“But now, on the stage of the playoffs, we’re witnessing a Mo Fan that has matured so much,” Pna Lin exclaimed with a tone of “he grew up so fast”.</p>
    <p>“But right now, Mo Fan isn’t in such a good position!” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>With Devil World Flower on the field and no skill to kill it in one go, now was Mo Fan going to get his Ninja back on the offensive?</p>
    <p>Run? Repeat what he had just done? Having had a taste of Mo Fan’s ability when it came to hiding, it was doubtful that Li Yuan would be caught off guard like that again. Right now, faced with the current defense, was probably the best chance Mo Fan would get.</p>
    <p>However, this guy was extremely risk-averse. The current opportunity probably wasn’t enough for him to bet on.</p>
    <p>Everyone was trying to guess what choice of action Mo Fan would take next, and Deception, while everyone was guessing, charged.</p>
    <p>“Is he going on the offense?” Pan Lin cried out.</p>
    <p>How many times had Mo Fan simply been feinting when they thought he was going to attack? What about this time? No matter what, the direction he had chosen didn’t seem like a plan to run.</p>
    <p>Shuriken!</p>
    <p>A shuriken flew out, interrupting Eight Notes’s casting. Then, Smoke Bomb!</p>
    <p>Purple smoke erupted, enveloping the area, and the camera hurriedly closed in to catch the two characters within.</p>
    <p>Deception was still moving.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>He directly used this skill to send himself to Eight Notes’s side.</p>
    <p>Devil World Flower attacked, the two small spirits Eight Notes had just summoned to his side attacked, and simultaneously, Deception attacked.</p>
    <p>“He’s on the offensive! He’s going for it this time!” Pan Lin shouted. This time, it was clear. Mo Fan wasn’t hiding anymore, he wasn’t escaping, he was directly attacking his opponent, headstrong.</p>
    <p>“He’s very good at judging the situation. If he left and then returned, it’s very likely that he’d be met with an even worse situation. This offensive is another style. Another style means another thing for the opponent to worry about. A playstyle that’s too focused and simple is easy to figure out.”</p>
    <p>Mo Fan couldn’t hear what the commentator and guest commentator were talking about. He didn’t care about what these people thought because he knew that if he wanted to hear comments, he had someone to give him even better pointers right next to him.</p>
    <p>Right now, he only wanted to do one thing: defeat his opponent!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan had really changed.</p>
    <p>In the game, he was focused on scrap picking. He would dart about the battlefield, be bathed in blood, but his attention was on the ground underfoot, searching for those valuable equipment and items. That was what he was passionate about obtaining. But now, his goal had changed. The opponent in front of him became what he coveted. Killing was never something in the foreground as a scrap picker, but now it was what he was fighting for.</p>
    <p>However, Mo Fan was also the same in many ways.</p>
    <p>While scrap picking, the only thing on his mind was equipment. All other obstacles he would dodge, avoid, that was what he did his best to achieve. Now, against a Summoner, his only target was the Summoner. Everything else, Devil World Flowers, Little Spirits, Big Spirits, all he had to do was avoid these obstacles.</p>
    <p>Summoners seemed to counter Mo Fan’s ambush tactics, but a 1v1 fight against a Summoner really brought out Mo Fan’s talents. He had practised focusing on one target, with danger coming in from all sides during scrap picking, doing everything he could to scrap pick his target.</p>
    <p>This was a battle, but because his opponent was a Summoner, it was also like scrap picking, and the target he was trying to scrap pick? Eight Notes’s health.</p>
    <p>Everyone stared at this battle in shock.</p>
    <p>With spirits harassing him, Mo Fan’s offensive wasn’t as one-sided as the previous one. Li Yuan’s Eight Notes would still have chances to cast summons, and with his wandering spirits coming back, he had more and more spirits. Yet, despite the growing number of spirits, Mo Fan had managed something. His Deception had managed to cling to Eight Notes. Perhaps Eight Notes could summon a few Little Spirits, but trying to run away from the center of the battle to focus on commanding his spirits? No way in hell. Even when he casted Teleportation upon coming off cooldown, Mo Fan had managed to interrupt it.</p>
    <p>No one had seen someone fight against a Summoner like this: ignoring the summon creatures entirely and just going after the Summoner.</p>
    <p>No one had seen someone execute this method so well either. Deception had been surrounded by quite a few summons already, but Deception still managed to dart between them, locked onto Eight Notes.</p>
    <p>“Amazing! Absolutely amazing!” Pan Lin was yelling in shock. Meanwhile, Li Yibo had his eyes on the health of the two characters.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was doing well, but it was impossible for him to stay completely unharmed under the circumstances. The two characters’ health were both depleting at an even rate.</p>
    <p>“If this continues…” Li Yibo seemed to see a certain future, a certain possibility. As the situation continued, this possibility became a reality.</p>
    <p>Shlick! Deception’s ninjato buried itself in Eight Notes’s chest.</p>
    <p>Whoosh! A chunk of ice slammed into Deception’s head.</p>
    <p>The health of the two characters actually simultaneously struck zero.</p>
    <p>Deception and Eight Notes, had perished together?</p>
  </body>
</html>
