<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1564 - Magnetic Field Coil</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1564 - Magnetic Field Coil</h1>
    <p>Lord Grim swept past Immovable Rock. Zhang Xinjie saw it, but he had no way to stop him. However, from his angle, he was able to see Lord Grim pull something out from his folded umbrella.</p>
    <p>What is that?　　</p>
    <p>This sort of movement must be a skill, but what was it? The worst part about the unspecialized was that it was practically impossible to make any predictions on one.</p>
    <p>"Careful!" Zhang Xinjie could only give out a vague warning, but with how little Tyranny communicated in the chat, it could be seen just how concerned Zhang Xinjie was. For him, the unknown was the most terrifying.</p>
    <p>Tyranny couldn't ignore Ye Xiu. Even the inexperienced rookie, Song Qiying, had learned to never underestimate Ye Xiu. Facing him, anything could happen.</p>
    <p>However, that didn't make Zhang Xinjie's warning meaningless. Tyranny's players knew very well that Zhang Xinjie wouldn't warn them simply as a reminder. If he spoke, it meant that something had happened already. It wasn't clear what that something was, but it was enough for them to be "careful".</p>
    <p>Tyranny's three Strikers immediately looked towards Ye Xiu's Lord Grim after the warning.</p>
    <p>Was an attacking coming?</p>
    <p>This was the signal that they got from Zhang Xinjie's warning.　　</p>
    <p>Sure enough!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had yet to close in, when he threw a grenade with his left hand.　　</p>
    <p>The three were surprised.</p>
    <p>If it was just a normal grenade, it wouldn't be hard to deal with. But for an unspecialized, it might not be a normal grenade. Was it a special grenade from a Spitfire skill? Such as an Implosion Grenade?</p>
    <p>There was too little time for Tyranny to ponder over it. This would be a test of their eyesight. What did the grenade look like? If they couldn't tell, they wouldn't be able to respond.</p>
    <p>"Norm"</p>
    <p>A single word popped up in Tyranny's team chat. Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was being suppressed by Dancing Rain, but his eyes were mainly focused on Lord Grim. He was the farthest from that grenade, yet he was the first to deduce what the grenade was. He didn't put his years of experience as a Spitfire to shame.</p>
    <p>Norm, a normal one.</p>
    <p>It was a low-level grenade with no special effects.</p>
    <p>No one doubted Zhang Jiale's judgement. Han Wenqing's Desert Dust stepped forward and used a High Kick.</p>
    <p>Boom!　</p>
    <p>An explosion occurred at his feet. Although it was the lowest-level grenade, the explosion would produce a small shockwave. However, by moving back as he retracted his kick at the right time, he was able to cancel out the impact.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!　　</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn't so quick to give up. He fired three Anti-Tank Missiles from his umbrella. Since he hadn't yet closed in onto the three Fighters, he sent out long-ranged attacks.</p>
    <p>The three Anti-Tank Missiles fired towards separate targets. As long as one of them failed to deal with their missile, Fang Rui would likely be able to escape. However, the three Fighters near Tyranny turned nearly in sync. Their formation hadn't been broken. It was as if none of them had even moved, yet all three Anti-Tank Missiles missed.</p>
    <p>What else?</p>
    <p>Tyranny hadn't relaxed yet. Lord Grim suddenly stepped to the side and fired a shot.</p>
    <p>A Stun Bullet shot towards River Sunset. The sidestep wasn't without purpose either. With this step, River Sunset and Desert Dust were lined up. If River Sunset dodged this bullet, Desert Dust would need to dodge as well. However, Han Wenqing's line of sight would be blocked by River Sunset. It was rather similar to when Fang Rui surprise attacked at the beginning with a Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow.</p>
    <p>Dodge!</p>
    <p>One to the left, the other to the right!　　</p>
    <p>River Sunset and Desert Dust seemed to swap places. The bullet seemed to pass right through them.</p>
    <p>Dodged again!　　</p>
    <p>Song Qiying had reacted fast, but what about Han Wenqing? Han Wenqing had relied on his experience and intuition. With Lord Grim's side-step, the three of them would be in a line. Hearing the gunshot, he quickly deduced that a bullet was heading towards him. He didn't need to see it. Song Qiying had gone left, so he went right. In this way, there wouldn't be any openings for Boundless Sea to take advantage of.</p>
    <p>None of Ye Xiu's attacks were working, and Ye Xiu didn't have the time to stand around and keep trying. Zhang Jiale was being suppressed by Su Mucheng, but it wasn't a complete suppression. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was shuttling back and forth amidst the explosions, and all of his attacks were aimed towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>There was also Zhang Xinjie's Immovable Rock. Clerics had ways to control a battlefield as well.</p>
    <p>There was also the three Fighters surrounding Boundless Sea. Those three could turn on him at any moment. Coming to rescue Fang Rui but ending up trapped alongside him wasn't the outcome that Ye Xiu wanted to see.</p>
    <p>That's all that can be done.</p>
    <p>That was what everyone was thinking, including the pro players in the chat group.　</p>
    <p>Happy was at a numbers disadvantage at the moment. Ye Xiu didn't dare let Lord Grim get too close, afraid that Tyranny would entrap him and Fang Rui together. He prioritized his own safety first. But with five enemies around him, how long could he stay safe? It was already quite impressive for him to be able to get out those three attacks.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim turned around and rushed towards one of the canyon walls. His intention to climb up the wall and escape was clear as day. However, he hadn't completely given up on trying to rescue Fang Rui. A 1% chance was still better than none.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Another gunshot. This time, it was a Floating Bullet. If the bullet hit, it would knock the target into the air and create an opening in Tyranny's encirclement.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, this attack had missed. River Sunset, who had been the target, sidestepped it.</p>
    <p>"Out", the moment the gunshot rang, Ye Xiu typed out a message in the chat.</p>
    <p>Out?</p>
    <p>Were Tang Rou and Luo Ji going to start moving again?　　</p>
    <p>Brief but imprecise messages were like torture towards the audience. Fortunately, the answer would soon be revealed. The person going out was Fang Rui. Boundless Sea immediately moved towards where River Sunset had originally been.</p>
    <p>That was considered an opening?</p>
    <p>Would he be able to break out?</p>
    <p>It was just half a body length of distance. River Sunset needed only one step to get back to where he had been positioned originally and attack. Would Boundless Sea be able to break past this sort of defense from a Striker?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't seem to even consider it. Boundless Sea rushed forward and even attacked back, using what Strikers specialized in.</p>
    <p>Front Kick.</p>
    <p>A low-level Striker skill. Although in reality, even Strikers didn't like using this skill because this skill had a knockback effect. For Strikers who wanted to be as close as possible to their opponents, how could they want their target to be knocked back? Of course, it was occasionally useful when you were in a disadvantageous position and wanted to reset the field. As a result, this sort of skill wouldn't be completely tossed aside, although usually only a point or two would be put into it.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wanted to use this skill to create a path out for himself? And seeing Boundless Sea's kick, it looked like he had only put in a point or two as well as a defensive skill.</p>
    <p>Yet this Front Kick had unexpectedly landed on River Sunset. The viewers watched dumbstruck as River Sunset slid back. Boundless Sea didn't stop for even a moment, kicking as he moved. He had been struggling to get out for so long, and he was going to do it in this way?</p>
    <p>How is that possible!</p>
    <p>Everyone was doubtful. Whether it was dodging the Front Kick or stopping it, let along a pro player like Song Qiying, even an average player could do it. That was why no one had considered it an opening of any sort.　　</p>
    <p>But Song Qiying, Han Wenqing's future successor, had actually been kicked away? Had he been distracted?</p>
    <p>No!　　</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had escaped. The two old generals on Tyranny didn't have time to figure out the reason. They needed to rescue the situation. However, when the two raised their arms, everyone noticed that their movements seemed rather slow. Then, they saw that the two characters, no, three including Song Qiying's River Sunset, were being pulled in place by some sort of force.</p>
    <p>"Magnetic Field Coil!!" In the end, the pro players figured it out first. This time, the answer came from Xiao Shiqing. This Mechanic was the first to see through the reason for their slowed movements. It was the Mechanic skill: Magnetic Field Coil.</p>
    <p>Everyone immediately understood.</p>
    <p>It wasn't that Song Qiying had reacted too slow or gotten distracted, but rather that Ye Xiu's Lord Grim had placed down a Magnetic Field Coil at an unknown time. When he yelled "Out", he had attacked in coordination with the Magnetic Field Coil. River Sunset had been affected by the skill and his movements were slowed. That was why he wasn't able to react properly to Boundless Sea's Front Kick. By the time he noticed it, Boundless Sea had already sent him flying back.</p>
    <p>This was the limit to what Ye Xiu could do. He needed to prioritize his own safety. After that Floating Bullet, Lord Grim had gotten to the wall and started climbing.</p>
    <p>They escaped. In the end, they were able to escape...</p>
    <p>Just when everyone was thinking this, Han Wenqing's Desert Dust suddenly leapt into the air.</p>
    <p>Magnetic Field Coil?</p>
    <p>Magnetic Field Coil didn't completely seal a character's movement. The character would simply be heavier. And for Lord Grim to have Magnetic Field Coil, the skill could only be at level one. Its effects would be weak. If it hadn't caught them off guard, Fang Rui might not have been able to get past Song Qiying. Right now, Desert Dust was using an attack under the effects of Magnetic Field Coil, a Soaring Tiger.</p>
    <p>It was a skill with powerful jump. It would be slower than usual due to the Magnetic Field Coil, but he would still be able to reach Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>Tyranny's fans prayed, but in the end, it was off by a bit. It hadn't been easy for Fang Rui to get out, so he immediately activated Qi Flowing Cloud to increase his movement speed. Boundless Sea was currently running for his life. Desert Dust had been restricted by the Magnetic Field Coil. Although the effects were small, it still weakened the jump enough.</p>
    <p>Just off by a bit!</p>
    <p>Everyone felt regretful over it, when suddenly, Desert Dust dropped down.　</p>
    <p>Thousand Ton Drop!</p>
    <p>At the final moment, he cancelled the Soaring Tiger and switched skills.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>His legs touched the ground, shaking the earth with the force of a thousand tons. Under the effects of Magnetic Field Coil, the effects of Thousand Ton Drop were buffed. Boundless Sea had only been half a body length away from Desert Dust, and he was launched into the air from the impact.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust rushed forward, his clothes fluttering in the wind. Fang Rui was still stabilizing his Boundless Sea, when the first punch struck.</p>
    <p>Pu!</p>
    <p>The punch had struck him squarely in the waist. Just when it seemed like Boundless Sea would be sent flying away, Desert Dust's other fist smashed downwards. With a bang, Boundless Sea crashed into the earth.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry, all of the attacks hit!　　</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing was deal with the effects of the Magnetic Field Coil effectively. After the fourth strike, he was outside of its range. His attack speed immediately surged, and Boundless Sea was hit repeatedly. After being attacked by three Fighters for so long, Boundless Sea didn't have much health left. Qi Masters were a Cloth armor class. Their defense wasn't anything noteworthy.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu? Lord Grim was up on the wall, unable to help.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng? Even though she had the high grounds, it was too difficult to expect her to cover everything. It wasn't only a matter of stopping Han Wenqing. Lin Jingyan and Song Qiying were also rushing towards Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>After ten minutes and forty-two seconds, Fang Rui's Boundless Sea was killed.</p>
  </body>
</html>
