<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1076: Samsara’s Weakness</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1076: Samsara’s Weakness</h1>
    <p>Laughing Song took heavy damage.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms wasn't someone who only knew how to protect his teammates through a light screen. After Sun Zheping retired, he had to be the main attacker and a support for his teammates. He had put Team Hundred Blossoms on his back and had carried them forward. Now, he had reliable teammates helping restrict the opponents, allowing Zhang Jiale to concentrate on attacking and dealing serious damage to his target.</p>
    <p>No one would have imagined that Samsara would be torn apart and be forced to sell their healer as soon as the match started. Jiang Botao's Empty Waves immediately went back to rescue their healer. However, those who were following Samsara this match, whether it was the viewers or the cameraman, couldn't help but look for for a certain player.</p>
    <p>Where's Zhou Zekai?</p>
    <p>Where's his Cloud Piercer?</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai was obviously still alive. His Cloud Piercer had decisively turned back. Rescuing their healer was obviously Samsara's biggest priority at the moment. But under the explosiveness of the Hundred Blossoms Style, Zhou Zekai's long-ranged attacks were significantly weakened. He was unable to clearly make out his target's location. He could only rely on his intuition and instinct to attack. In comparison, Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was closer. Moreover, for Spellblades, whether it was their magic wave swords or magic wave formations, all of them were ranged AoE attacks. Even if he didn't know his target's exact location, he could still throw out his skill in the general direction.</p>
    <p>The moment Empty Waves turned around, Jiang Botao saw something flicker from below him. He immediately looked down and saw that a Grenade had rolled to his feet.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao hastily leaped backwards. As Empty Waves was pushed back by the shockwave from the Grenade, sounds of gunfire could be heard. Bullets rained down on him.</p>
    <p>Negative Nine Degrees?</p>
    <p>When did he get here?　　</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao was surprised. A strange feeling arose in his heart.　　</p>
    <p>He suddenly realized that after Qin Muyun's Negative Nine Degrees shot two times when the two sides collided, he had no impression of what Negative Nine Degrees had done since then. This type of invisibility shouldn't exist in the finals. In the finals, everyone was fighting with all they had. How could there be a cheerleader among them?</p>
    <p>But the moment he tried to rescue their healer, Qin Muyun's Negative Nine Degrees suddenly appeared. And Jiang Botao didn't seem to know when he got into such a perfect position.</p>
    <p>A rain of gunfire forced Jiang Botao back. After Desert Dust and Dark Thunder tossed aside the two characters that they had been pinning down, they rushed towards this location. Zhang Jiale's attacks were just the prelude. Next was the follow up. Tyranny seemed to be planning on directly sending off Samsara's healer in one go.</p>
    <p>How could Samsara let Tyranny do as they pleased!</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao's Empty Waves slashed with an Earthquake Sword, blocking off these two characters.</p>
    <p>Even though Spellblades wore high defence plate armor and were Swordsman, extremely close-combat wasn't their strong point. When Jiang Botao saw Desert Dust close in, he instinctively stepped back twice. However, Desert Dust's charge had been a bluff. As soon as Empty Waves retreated, Desert Dust seized this opening to directly pass him. Lin Jingyan didn't fall behind. His Dark Thunder ran even more smoothly than Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>I was tricked!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing's bluff didn't only trick Jiang Botao. Most of the viewers were astonished when they saw Desert Dust's bluff. This wasn't how the champion of Tyranny played.</p>
    <p>For the championship title, how much had Tyranny's players sacrificed?</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale carried the burden of a blackened name. Lin Jingyan abandoned his position as the core of a team. Even Han Wenqing had let go of his courageous and stubborn style that had never changed since the start of his career…...</p>
    <p>All of them had changed. The only thing that hadn't changed was their desire to be champions!</p>
    <p>"Forward!!!"</p>
    <p>The two Fighter classes entered the fray. Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms suddenly turned. A light flashed from his gun and flew towards Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer. Team Tyranny's coordination was loose yet tight, completely controlling the pace of the battle.</p>
    <p>Tyranny fought ferociously. However, their fighting was not at all reckless.</p>
    <p>Rapidly closing in for a melee battle seemed a bit impatient for an away team. However, Team Tyranny's speed wasn't just fast. It was a speed that reached the pinnacle. The two sides quickly entered a chaotic brawl. What was Samsara's home game advantage? It was their familiarity and utilization of the map. But by rapidly forcing the two sides to fight an intense battle, Samsara wasn't given any time to utilize the map and utilize their tactics. Samsara could only rely on their instinct and intuition to counter. This was the importance of having the initiative. In this match, Team Tyranny gave every team a thorough lesson on how to quickly and tyrannically seize the initiative.</p>
    <p>Four minutes and forty seven seconds into the match, the home team's Cleric, Laughing Song, was killed. No one could have expected this result. Healers were too crucial in a team competition. They were absolutely the most protected team members. In a high level match, attacking the healer was an extremely important goal. However, the strategies for that were usually to restrict the healer. It was very rare for a healer to be directly taken out in one go.</p>
    <p>But in the finals, in this match that represented the pinnacle of Glory, Team Tyranny achieved it in 4 minutes 47 seconds. Was this a record? Data needed to be pulled up to check. However, Samsara's home stadium was already in complete silence. Everyone in the crowd was dumbstruck. Everyone knew what it meant to have the healer taken away. If this wasn't an important match, people could understand if the team typed GG and then forfeited. However, this was the finals. It was the final stage after one year of struggles. No one would choose to give up so easily.</p>
    <p>Without a healer, it could be said that Samsara had less burden on them. At least, they didn't have to constantly need to defend a key character. When Laughing Song fell, Samsara immediately let loose a fierce counterattack. No one held back. Samsara quickly obtained solid results. One of Tyranny's players fell, Qin Muyun's Negative Nine Degrees.</p>
    <p>But a strange feeling once again arose in Jiang Botao's heart.</p>
    <p>When Negative Nine Degrees was there, it was like he couldn't feel his existence. Now that Negative Nine Degrees was truly gone, he felt like nothing seemed to have really changed. But they had killed an enemy player! How could such an important breakthrough not have any impact?</p>
    <p>This feeling made him feel too uneasy.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao tried hard to calm himself and examine the situation carefully. They had no healer, so they needed to end things quickly. However, ending things quickly required a plan to succeed. What? He's already attacking!</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer didn't seem to have any intentions of resetting the tempo. He continued to launch a frenzy of attacks so much so that Jiang Botao felt like it was a bit excessive. However, in the next second, he no longer thought that. When he examined the situation again, he realized that Team Tyranny had pulled back into a fully defensive position.</p>
    <p>Team Samsara needed to be fast, but Team Tyranny wouldn't let them. Zhou Zekai had seen through this point, so instead of resetting, he continued to increase the speed to break Tyranny's tempo.</p>
    <p>Can it be done? Zhou Zekai's charge through the enemy lines had opened up the battle countless times, but this time, against the steady defense from Tyranny's four Gods, while Zhou Zekai's assault was as fierce as ever, it was unable to open up the situation. Zhang Jiale's Hundred Blossom Style was a huge hindrance to a Sharpshooter, who needed absolute precision to attack. Rush in and fight with Gun Fu? It wasn't like Zhou Zekai had never done that before. However, Tyranny had the number one close combat fighter Han Wenqing and his King of Fighting, Desert Dust. Employing Gun Fu to compete with Han Wenqin was definitely not a smart idea.</p>
    <p>"Team Samsara's weakness has been exposed..." Ye Xiu suddenly said. He had been quietly watching the match the entire time.</p>
    <p>"What is it?" Chen Guo immediately asked.</p>
    <p>"They lack an attacker that can charge forward and break open the situation." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Uh, don't they have Lu Boyuan, Wu Qi, and Du Ming?" Chen Guo asked.　　</p>
    <p>"Grappers don't have very good movement skills. However, they need to get close to display their combat power. Just trying to close in is difficult enough already."</p>
    <p>As Ye Xiu explained, Chen Guo looked at the match again. She discovered that Lu Boyuan's Chaotic Cloud Mountain was having a rough time. Grappler wore leather armor. Their movement speed was considered fast, but trying to break through with just movement speed alone would be extremely difficult.</p>
    <p>"As for Assassins, I don't think I'll need to talk too much about them? They're not a class that charges into battle." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Wu Qi's Assassin, Cruel Silence, seemed to be in an even rougher spot than Chaotic Cloudy Mountains. He was searching for an opening. However, Tyranny wasn't giving him any. As a result, it just looked like he was doing nothing, circling around the battle.</p>
    <p>"As for Du Ming….. His skill isn't quite there." For Du Ming, his class wasn't the big issue, but Du Ming himself was a bit of a problem. Ye Xiu was quite polite in his evaluation. Getting rid of "quite" would probably have been more accurate. Starting from when he closed in on Tyranny, Du Ming's Blade Master seemed to be in a panic. After closing in, he was hit by a Brick from Lin Jingyan and then a punch from Han Wenqing. If his ability to escape wasn't good, he might have been dragged directly into Team Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny calmly played the long game with Samsara. Samsara tried again and again to break through, but they were unable to shake Tyranny's defense. When Tyranny's sixth player, Bai Yanfei, and his Elementalist arrived, Tyranny's defense became even more solid. In the end, Samsara had no other choice but to attempt a suicide charge and find victory within chaos. However, Tyranny stood firm. Finally, the match ended with Tyranny winning 6 to 2 in the team competition. Tyranny turned around their loss in the group arena and won the away game.</p>
    <p>Champions?</p>
    <p>Tyranny won their away game. Next, they would have the home game advantage. This type of situation was too advantageous for them. Many media sources were already declaring Tyranny as the champions. The question mark after the word champions was an attempt to hide that.　</p>
    <p>Who would have thought that three days later, in Team Tyranny's home game in City B, it was Samsara that won 11 to 7, overturning Tyranny's home game.</p>
  </body>
</html>
