<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1052: We Are The Champions</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1052: We Are The Champions</h1>
    <p>It… it's over?</p>
    <p>The system announced Team Happy's victory, and after that the system automatically gave a few close ups of the surviving characters. Shots of Lord Grim, with his colorful equipment, and Little Cold Hands at all sorts of angles were being displayed on the screen.</p>
    <p>However, no one really reacted properly. Their hearts were still in their throats, waiting for a final explosion of attacks. This was because One Autumn Leaf still had over forty percent of his health left. Though he had to fight one on two, Excellent Era had a lead in the group arena. If he went all out, he might be able to at least take one person down even if he couldn't get them both. That way, it would at least end with a tie. Yet Sun Xiang had just the match left like that?</p>
    <p>Did the system disconnect him?</p>
    <p>No one dared to believe the reality before their eyes, and even the referee had to check the game's system to confirm that Sun Xiang really did surrender and it wasn't some sort of mistake.</p>
    <p>After that, he finally announced that Happy had won the team competition, gaining two points. In the end of the Challenger League, Team Happy won 2 to 1 against Team Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>"Fuck!!!"</p>
    <p>An enraged bellow came from Excellent Era's bench. Their boss, Tao Xuan, suddenly seemed to have been possessed by the Battle God or something and jumped up, smashing the water bottle in his hand against the side of the stage.</p>
    <p>They lost? They actually lost?</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan didn't dare to believe his eyes. His Team Excellent Era, the powerhouse Team Excellent Era, with top players like Sun Xiang and Xiao Shiqin, and spectacular characters like One Autumn Leaf and Life Extinguisher had actually lost to the grassroots team Ye Xiu had led out from nowhere? How was that possible!?</p>
    <p>"Hahaha, well played, well played." That was when someone from Team Happy's bench also stood up. Wei Chen extended his hands towards Excellent Era's bench, purposefully applauding for them to see and hear. His expression was one of nonchalance though, as if there was nothing much to their victory.</p>
    <p>"Stop pretending, alright?" Chen Guo, who had almost began crying when their victory was announced, didn't know whether to laugh or cry at Wei Chen's actions. This guy had obviously been jumping for joy at this, but purposefully feigned nonchalance to anger Excellent Era. You might say that, but your tone is still trembling, man.</p>
    <p>"We won!" Chen Guo turned her head around and said to Su Mucheng, who sat next to her. Su Mucheng was supposed to be an opponent in this competition, and she was even responsible for the point that Excellent Era had gained, but Chen Guo saw her as one of their own.</p>
    <p>"Yes, we won…" Su Mucheng nodded.</p>
    <p>"I'm glad I didn't waste my time coming out here." Sun Zheping let out a long breath, stretching out in his seat.</p>
    <p>"We won, we won, we won!" Although Luo Ji hadn't gone up in this match, he was just as happy as everyone else was. He wanted to find someone to share this victory with, yet when he turned his head, he found that it was Mo Fan that sat closest to him, staring at the stage with his characteristic emotionless expression.</p>
    <p>"We won!" Luo Ji hollered at him. Mo Fan turned his head, looking at him emotionlessly.</p>
    <p>"Er…" Luo Ji decided to walk a few more steps so he could celebrate with the others. He charged forward and joined Chen Guo and the others. Yet, he hadn't noticed that, although Mo Fan hadn't spoken, though he was still stoic, his hand, in that moment, had clenched into a fist,</p>
    <p>Happy's bench had exploded with celebration, while Excellent Era's bench was dead silent. Their boss's explosion of rage caused them to shrink back into their seats with their heads lowered, as if no one could see them that way.</p>
    <p>That was when the audience there finally recovered.</p>
    <p>They won. Happy actually won.</p>
    <p>Seven Fields opened his mouth and stayed stunned for a full half minute until the person next to him nudged him.</p>
    <p>"Fuck, fuck fuck fuck, fuck!!!" Seven Fields turned this way and that, cursing and spitting everywhere, but none of the people around him minded, grabbing him tightly. "We won."</p>
    <p>"Yes, we won!"</p>
    <p>"Holy fuck, we won!!!" Seven Fields gave the loudest cheer yet. Happy's group of loyal fans, surrounded by Excellent Era's fans, erupted as one. They threw everything in their hands that they could throw up into the air, cheering and yelling, singing and dancing about. The security guard in the stadium were poised, ready to take action just in case, but didn't go up to stop them. Happy's victory truly hadn't come easily. If they didn't allow them to celebrate, that would just be cruel.</p>
    <p>As for Excellent Era's fans? They were all dumbstruck. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Contemplate if Sun Xiang's departure from the game was accidental or not? They weren't in the mood for that anymore. No matter what, the end was set and Happy was the final victor. As for their Team Excellent Era, would they have to stay in the Challenger League another year? They were a powerhouse team with God level players and God-level accounts, but they had to sink in the Challenger League for another year? Currently, all the Excellent Era fans could feel was sadness, disappointment, and discomfort.</p>
    <p>"Happy… Happy won?" In the broadcast, when the system announced the victor, commentator Pan Lin had announced the result with a tone full of uncertainty. Even he was incredulous.</p>
    <p>"Yes, Happy won. A miracle, they've truly created a real miracle." Li Yibo, on the other hand, had gotten back into character and couldn't help but sigh with deep emotion.</p>
    <p>"This is completely unexpected! Happy has defeated Excellent Era, winning this year's Challenger League. They will become newcomers to the Pro Alliance next season. As for Excellent Era? This powerhouse team that created the only dynasty in Glory history is once again subject to another year of the Challenger League and the one to put them into this situation is, coincidentally, the ex-captain that built that very dynasty. For Excellent Era, is he an angel or a demon? I believe all of Excellent Era's people are feeling very conflicted right now. They must regret letting Ye Xiu enter retirement so easily."</p>
    <p>After Pan Lin recovered from his shock, he leapt back into character. Happy's victory was truly unexpected, but there was much to say about it, too. Pan Lin swiftly formulated a response and began to commentate.</p>
    <p>Now, the award ceremony began immediately after the match. All of Happy's players would have to go onstage to obtain their awards. Chen Guo was their boss, but she was also a registered member of Team Happy. Though she had barely played a single match, she still had the right to come onstage. Chen Guo was very proud of herself, walking on stage with the others. Onstage, the players had already stepped out of their booths.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, Tang Rou, Steamed Bun, Wu Chen, Qiao Yifan, An Wenyi...</p>
    <p>Everyone's gaze landed on them. Apart from Ye Xiu, the others were complete unknowns. Yet just now, they had created a miracle. They really defeated Excellent Era in the Challenger League, taking the only slot and entering the Alliance.</p>
    <p>The present was no longer Excellent Era's world. In this moment, applause filled the venue. With the results out, those who had been hoping for this result, hoping for Happy to win no longer needed to hide. They could express their support and respect openly.</p>
    <p>As for Excellent Era's competition booths?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang, Xiao Shiqin, Zhang Jiaxing, Shen Jian, Wang Ze, Qiu Fei.</p>
    <p>Apart from Qiu Fei, they were all people with at least some renown in the pro circle, and some were even Gods. Yet in that moment, they were failures. This stage was no longer theirs and they didn't have the heart to watch their opponent's crowning. They silently left the stage on one side.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era's bench was still in complete silence. No one went up to comfort their returning teammates. It was their boss, Tao Xuan, who charged up to Sun Xiang like a Dragon Breaks the Ranks.</p>
    <p>"The match wasn't over, why did you leave?!" Tao Xuan roared at Sun Xiang.</p>
    <p>"I couldn't win," Sun Xiang shook his head.</p>
    <p>"How would you know that without trying? Even if you couldn't win, you could still tie by defeating one of them and bring us into overtime," Tao Xuan bellowed.</p>
    <p>"I wouldn't be able to, because Glory was never meant to be played alone," Sun Xiang said.</p>
    <p>"You…" Tao Xuan was stunned. This was what Ye Xiu had said to Sun Xiang on the field. Yet at this time, Sun Xiang had used it to retort against him.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu...</p>
    <p>Gazing at the figure onstage, Ye Xiu was quite a ways away and Tao Xuan couldn't see his face clearly. However, as his once upon a time most dear friend, he should have been able to imagine this friend's smile without seeing it, but why was it that his mind was in such a mess? After so long of running this team, what had he gained? And what had he lost? </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Glory… was never meant to be played alone?</p>
    <p>This sentence seemed to be true not only for the battlefield!</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan stared for a while and then sat back down dejectedly. He raised his head to look around and saw that all around him, there were people clapping for Happy. Tao Xuan knew there were quite a few Excellent Era fans here, but where had they gone now? How did they feel about this result?</p>
    <p>Team Excellent Era...</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan gazed at the stage. Excellent Era's team logo stood tall here at Excellent Era's bench. On a stage without a spotlight, it seemed dulled.</p>
    <p>The award ceremony had long since been prepared for, the only thing that would need to be changed was who to give it to. The ceremony had already begun by then and the MC naturally had to go and interview Happy a little bit before bringing the trophy up.</p>
    <p>"Happy's victory is, for most, an unexpected and shocking event. How do you feel about this?" The host threw the question at Happy's captain, who was also Excellent Era's ex-captain, Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Excellent Era was a formidable opponent, but Happy won the match. We are the champions. This is our glory." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The opponent was strong, but we won the match.</p>
    <p>This was more like a courtesy in a pro match, but here, no one would take it as just that. This was because Excellent Era truly was a powerful opponent, far stronger than Happy, but Happy still won.</p>
    <p>That's right. It was just that simple.</p>
    <p>That was what competition meant. That was what Glory meant.</p>
    <p>You're stronger than us, but we won the match.</p>
    <p>So, we are the champions.</p>
    <p>Translator's Thoughts</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Nomyummi</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu has officially returned to the scene with Team Happy!!! It's been a long journey, and now a new one is about to begin! So sit back tight, we've still got 700 chapters to go :^)</p>
  </body>
</html>
