<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1620 - Trapped</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1620 - Trapped</h1>
    <p>The space between the two storerooms was so narrow that it could hardly be considered a path. It was more apt to describe it as a crack between two storerooms.</p>
    <p>In this crack, there was only forward and backwards. There was no left or right.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan’s Chaotic Cloudy Mountain blocked the rear, while Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost’s Downwind Sword Slash blocked the front. Under the shadow of the cold light, Boundless Sea didn’t seem like he had anywhere to run to. At least, that was what everyone thought.</p>
    <p>The only one who disagreed was Fang Rui himself.</p>
    <p>The fierce sword light was dazzling, but it didn’t steal away his calm. He had already decided that he would break through from Moon Luring Frost’s end. There was no room for hesitation.</p>
    <p>Sword light flooded his vision, but he saw a tiny opening where there was no sword light. He didn’t know if he could make it through, but he didn’t have any other choice.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea continued to sprint. The moment the sword light descended, he dove forward.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn’t roll. Instead, he put himself parallel to the ground and borrowed the momentum from the dive to slide forward. Fang Rui had pressed Boundless Sea as low to the ground as possible. He couldn’t go any lower.</p>
    <p>Can he dodge it?</p>
    <p>Du Ming was confident in his attack. Even if Boundless Sea was laying flat, he didn’t think his attack would miss. But when the sword light came down, Du Ming suddenly discovered that he might be wrong!</p>
    <p>His Downwind Sword Slash had a tiny opening. Was it because he hadn’t executed it perfectly enough?</p>
    <p>Spiral Qi Kill!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea was still flat on the ground when he fired a blast of qi. Moon Luring Frost was still in the air. The spiralling qi struck his two legs.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost was flung to the side. His head slammed into the wall.</p>
    <p>The crawling Boundless Sea jumped up, his hand placed on Moon Luring Frost’s shoulder.</p>
    <p>Grab, twist, throw!</p>
    <p>Fling!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost shot towards Chaotic Cloudy Mountain like an artillery shell.</p>
    <p>Du Ming was at a loss. He didn’t know how his Downwind Sword Slash had missed until he was thrown. As he flew through the air, he looked at the ground and noticed that the place where Boundless Sea had dove towards was very distinct. The ground there was sunken down (凹).</p>
    <p>This was just a crack between two storerooms. No one was going to do any maintenance here. As a result, the ground was bumpy. In that instant, Fang Rui had noticed a depression in the ground in front of him. He saw it as a potential safe area and dove towards it.</p>
    <p>The slightest difference determined life and death, and it was what allowed Boundless Sea to dodge the Downwind Sword Slash.</p>
    <p>That’s the reason?</p>
    <p>Du Ming had no choice but to accept it. He hadn’t noticed it. When he used Downwind Sword Slash, he hadn’t thought that the bumps (凹凸) would create holes in his attack.</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost flew towards Chaotic Cloudy Mountain. Fang Rui had obviously planned for the two to collide.</p>
    <p>But Chaotic Cloudy Mountain didn’t retreat.</p>
    <p>His arms trembled, Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost crashed into Chaotic Cloudy Mountain. However, due to the Super Armor, Chaotic Cloudy Mountain didn’t budge. Moon Luring Frost fell to the ground, while Chaotic Cloudy Mountain jumped over him and continued forward.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan’s reaction looked merciless, but the spectating pro players knew that wasn’t the case.</p>
    <p>Since Moon Luring Frost wasn’t able to block Boundless Sea, a reversal had happened.</p>
    <p>The crack was too narrow. Even if Samsara had two people, without a pincer, the two of them were no different than one person. Both were close-ranged classes. They couldn’t attack at the same time in this narrow path.</p>
    <p>As for Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea? After breaking past Samsara’s pincer attack, he was no longer in danger. On the contrary, this narrow terrain was extremely favorable for his Qi Master. Qi Master attacks were AoE attacks. If he let out qi attacks in this alleyway, how was the other side going to dodge them?</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan had thought of this point, which is why he didn’t have time to slow down. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain activated Reinforced Iron Bones, knocking Moon Luring Frost away so he could immediately launch his attacks.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea had started gathering qi, but Lu Boyuan’s extremely quick response had caught him off guard. The Moon Luring Frost that he had thrown at him unexpectedly wasn’t able to slow him down.</p>
    <p>There was time for him to finish using the skill that he had been casting. However, Chaotic Cloudy Mountains had activated Reinforced Iron BOnes and now had Super Armor. His qi attacks would push him. All Lu Boyuan needed to do was tank the attack, and Chaotic Cloudy Mountains would close the distance with Boundless Sea. Then, he could use any grab skill he wanted, and Boundless Sea would be caught in a pincer again.</p>
    <p>No matter how reluctant he might be, Fang Rui’s only choice was to give up on this attack!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea cancelled the skill. He activated Cloud Body and then turned and ran.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain stopped. He raised his two hands and grabbed the air.</p>
    <p>Cloud Grasping Fist!</p>
    <p>The skill that Lu Boyuan had chosen had truly been put to great effect today. In the group arena, he had caught Su Mucheng off guard with the sudden long-range grab, although he wasn’t able to fully take advantage of it. This time, in this narrow alleyway, Cloud Grasping Fist seemed to be very difficult to dodge. If Boundless Sea was grabbed, he would meet his end.</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui kept looking back as he ran away. When he saw the Cloud Grasping First from Chaotic Cloudy Mountain, he suddenly panicked.</p>
    <p>Cloud Grasping Fist was a Qi Master skill, so Fang Rui was very familiar with it. But because he was familiar with the skill, he knew that dodging it in this terrain would be extremely difficult. Crouch? Roll? In this narrow passageway, none of those would work. The only area with enough space to dodge the Cloud Grasping Fist was above him. But there was only so much he could control while in the air, far from the control his opponent had with the skill.</p>
    <p>But even so, what other choice did he have?</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea stopped and turned around.</p>
    <p>To dodge this Cloud Grasping Fist, he would need to time it perfectly and be extremely precise with his movements. Fang Rui didn’t think he would be able to do it while running and looking back.</p>
    <p>By this time, Moon Luring Frost had gotten back up from the ground.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had no energy to spare for him. His gaze was fixed on Chaotic Cloudy Mountain’s two hands.</p>
    <p>Because Chaotic Cloudy Mountain was a Grappler, the equipment that he wore wouldn’t have the preferred stats for a Qi Master. His Cloud Grasping Fist would take longer to gather up the required qi. However Fang Rui wasn’t trying to predict when the attack would come. He was locked onto the movements of his hands.</p>
    <p>It’s coming!</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain’s ten fingers tightened. His two hands made a clear pulling motion. Fang Rui jumped into the air. But Lu Boyuan had predicted that Fang Rui would jump. His two hands shifted up slightly.</p>
    <p>From the start of the move until it landed, Cloud Grasping Fist could be controlled by the player. This was one of the reasons for why it was so hard to dodge under these circumstances.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea pushed out with his palm, Cloud Pushing Palm!</p>
    <p>Pa!</p>
    <p>He hit the wall. Boundless Sea immediately dropped towards the ground. He curled into a ball and then laid himself flat to the ground…</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was like a fish in the water. He had no reserves about how shameful it might look for him.</p>
    <p>The jump had been a feint. He wanted Lu Boyuan to move up. Fang Rui’s true goal was the ground.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea hastily tried to make adjustments. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain’s two hands pressed down. But it was too late. The qi was only able to rustle the top of his hair. Apart from that, it wasn’t able to grasp onto Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>“Hahahaha!”</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was overjoyed. His dodge had been shrewd and technical. He felt like he was a genius.</p>
    <p>“I might only be a supporting character, but don’t think I’m easy pickings!” He boasted. Everyone was baffled. Where’d that come from?</p>
    <p>Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost jumped onto the roof of a rather short storeroom. Even though it wasn’t a tall one, it wasn’t possible to get onto it with a normal jump. Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost jumped and then jumped again off the wall. He followed with a Rising Dragon Slash in order to get to the right height.</p>
    <p>Colliding Stab!</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost didn’t hold back and used his movement skills. Fang Rui had been delayed a bit in order to dodge the Cloud Grasping Fist. The increase in movement speed from Cloud Body wasn’t as explosive as his movement skills. By chaining these two skills, Moon Luring Frost was already in front of Boundless Sea. He stepped out and then twisted his body while in the air. He fell towards the ground, his blade descending. This time, he made sure to take note of the terrain. He wouldn’t let Fang Rui get through because of neglect on his part.</p>
    <p>Falling Phoenix Slash!</p>
    <p>Sword light descended. This time, Fang Rui had nowhere to run to. Helpless, Fang Rui could only have Boundless Sea put up a Qi Wave Shield to reduce the damage. Behind him, Chaotic Cloudy Mountain was closing in. Moon Luring Frost’s sword had cut off his path forward. Despite a few complications, Fang Rui wasn’t able to escape from their pincer.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, an enormous explosion sounded. Fireworks seemed to burst forth from the falling Moon Luring Frost. The flames engulfed him, and the resplendent sword light lost its luster.</p>
    <p>“YES, SIS MU! PERFECT TIMING!! I LOVE YOU!!!”</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was practically incoherent from his excitement. Just when it looked like his life was over, Dancing Rain arrived. Fang Rui almost wanted to cry out how perfect the timing was.</p>
    <p>“Charge!” Su Mucheng didn’t have time to share his joy and reminded him.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui put away the rollercoaster of emotions he had experienced. Boundless Sea ran for his life. Moon Luring Frost had been blasted out of the air. His Downwind Sword Slash had been interrupted, and his balance had been broken. Even so, Du Ming was able to get a sword slash out. Unfortunately, it had been too forced. Boundless Sea was able to dodge it with ease.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>From behind, Lu Boyuan had no choice but to re-examine their situation. It had originally been a 2v1. Through the terrain, the two thought they could easily take care of Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea. But they hadn’t expected him to be so slippery. To think he could find a way out from such a dire situation. Now, his backup had arrived. A Qi Master and a Launcher. He and Du Ming had practically no room to dodge their attacks. How were they supposed to fight against them?</p>
    <p>This time, the ones trapped was Samsara.</p>
  </body>
</html>
