<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1095: Immortals Fighting</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1095: Immortals Fighting</h1>
    <p>Another announcement for Happy killing the Level 75 wild boss Brawler Killer Dinglong was issued. Even though the vast majority of players had no way of participating in wild boss battles, that didn't mean they didn't care, especially the veterans. They were fully aware that wild boss battles directly affected a team's strength. It could be considered as the second battlefield for pros outside the league.</p>
    <p>And this week, of the Level 75 bosses, Happy had already taken down three of them. Such might made the other guilds feel gloomy, while shocking the rest of the players.</p>
    <p>But in reality, this time's Brawler Killer Dinglong didn't solely belong to Happy. Their guild name was the one that appeared on TV, but Heavenly Justice, Parade, Radiant, and Conquering Clouds had participated too. Even though those four guilds had been a part of the backdrop, having a vast number of troops had been extremely crucial. The amount of work that they put in might not be much, but their contributions were essential. Ye Xiu's generous treatment towards his alliance buddies made the four alliance guild leaders feel very embarrassed. They stubbornly insisted that he take a greater share, while they split the rest evenly amongst themselves.</p>
    <p>After splitting up the spoils, the four guilds promptly expressed their wishes. The representative for these four guilds was Heavenly Justice's guild leader, Team Heavenly Sword's team captain, and Club Heavenly Sword's boss, Lou Guanning. The holy trinity was too tyrannical. In the Alliance, only Lou Guanning possessed such status.</p>
    <p>"God, why didn't you call us for the last two bosses? Don't forget about us!" Lou Guanning said.</p>
    <p>"Yeah yeah yeah!" Those three guild leaders immediately added in their voices.　</p>
    <p>Happy had enjoyed the last two wild bosses alone, putting these four guilds into a state of panic. As Happy advanced through the Challenger League to beating Excellent Era to win the finals, their popularity had risen to new heights. In the end, they were also able to establish quite a powerful guild. Moreover, new guilds that developed along with the team were the most passionate and energetic. It was easy for guild members to disregard their own gains and losses, putting their efforts into strengthening the team. As a result, the four allied guilds felt like the importance of their alliance was dropping. In fact, Happy had already taken down two wild bosses on their own without their help.</p>
    <p>Five guilds cooperating together meant splitting the boss's spoils into five. And now, Happy had just taken down two wild bosses independently, which was equivalent to the five guild alliance taking down ten bosses. This comparison was too daunting. Anyone would know which choice to take. Thus, if Happy truly had the ability and renounced their partnership to take flight alone, the other four guilds wouldn't blame Happy. If they were in Happy's position, they would also make the same choice. In the end, everyone was working together for their own benefit. Joining hands and prospering together didn't exist here because there could only ever be one champion.</p>
    <p>Happy taking down two wild bosses on their own worried the four guilds. Lou Guanning had been looking for an opportunity to communicate this with Ye Xiu. Then, after another boss spawned, Ye Xiu called over the alliance to gather. Once this boss was taken care of, the four guilds huddled up and discussed with each other. In the end, they directly raised this issue with Ye Xiu, wanting to see what response Happy would give. Everyone had been working happily together for a long time. No one had been cheated. Suddenly, Happy went out alone without telling them. There were definitely unspoken criticism from them, but the problem was that they had never agreed that if a wild boss came, they must share it. The agreement was just that if the opportunity arose, everyone could work together, that's all.</p>
    <p>As a result, the four guilds had no grounds to criticize him, so Lou Guanning asked half-jokingly, hinting to Ye Xiu what their thoughts were.</p>
    <p>How could Ye Xiu not understand the meaning behind his words? He laughed: "Is there really a need for me to say it? You all understand. After all, no team ever helps another for the fun of it, no?"</p>
    <p>Lou Guanning heard his response and wanted to cry!</p>
    <p>He was so direct. It was as if he were stating the obvious, and the four of them asking this question really made them seem foolish and naive. It went without saying. Everyone was fully aware. Not laying it bare could be considered as leaving them some face, but now that they had insisted on an answer, look, look how awkward the atmosphere is.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, Lou Guanning and the other guild leaders were familiar with Ye Xiu. They immediately composed themselves and laughed: "You're right! If an opportunity arises in the future, don't forget to call us!"</p>
    <p>"Of course." Ye Xiu smiled. In fact, he had called them over to kill Brawler Killer Dinglong for this very reason.</p>
    <p>Lou Guanning had nothing else to say. The other three weren't that familiar with Ye Xiu. They might have some other thoughts, but nothing would change because Ye Xiu's words were spot on: in the end, they were still competitors. No team helped another for the fun of it. At least, that was definitely the case for them.</p>
    <p>"Then, we'll see each other again if anything comes up. We'll be going first." The three guilds bade farewell.</p>
    <p>"Mm mm, see you." Ye Xiu sent off the other guilds. Happy also called it a day. In-game matters continued to be taken care of by Wu Chen and Chen Guo. Ye Xiu and the others followed their usual routine and went on with their practice.</p>
    <p>For their current practice, apart from improving their individual skill and teamwork, they also began analyzing their opponents. This work used to be done by Ye Xiu alone, but now he was having the entire team analyze. After all, he couldn't micromanage everything that happened on the battlefield. More often than not, the players needed to make their own decisions. Understanding their opponents was homework that no player could ignore. In the Challenger League, the vast majority of their opponents had nothing worth looking into, but it was different now. For the current Happy, these 19 teams were like towering mountains. There were too too many things to study. What Happy lacked the most wasn't skilled players or materials or equipment, but time.</p>
    <p>Even so, they couldn't go too crazy. A healthy schedule was also necessary, especially after last season's finals. The issue of Tyranny's stamina issue had triggered a fervent discussion. Now, no one would ignore the effects of keeping a solid schedule.</p>
    <p>Happy needed large amounts of materials, but playing 24/7 to get every single boss was no longer something that the team would do. As a result, the fourth wild boss that spawned this week didn't fall into Happy's hands. Guild Happy had gotten the message and went to participate, without Ye Xiu watching over, their competitiveness instantly fell. This was also one reason why those four guilds in the alliance were gloomy, seeing Happy wanting to fly out alone. Everyone knew the value of having a skilled commander, let alone a top expert like Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>After a chaotic battle, the fourth wild boss this week, Gray Corner's Underground Dark Hand, a Fighter, Gunner, and Nightwalker specialized boss, was snatched by Tyrannical Ambition. No pro players participated in this scuffle. According to the participants in this fight, this time's boss competition gave them an almost serene feeling.</p>
    <p>This type of serenity was quite rare. Tomorrow, when the sun came out, the pro players would pour onto the battlefield. The pro players on vacation were more free. At least, they weren't required to practice during vacation. Practice was up to them to decide. Now that they had decided to go into the game and help the guild take wild bosses, why would the club object?</p>
    <p>During the day, various battles bloomed where the bosses spawned. At night, the biggest topic in the Glory forums came from an anonymous post: what type of summer is this.</p>
    <p>This summer, the number of pro players playing in the game had to be a record. In the early days, Glory was small. The number of pro players back then couldn't compare to the number of pro players today. In this post, the original poster listed all of the pro players that he had seen during this week's wild boss battles. From this, it could be seen that this poster was definitely an elite member of a top guild. An ordinary player wouldn't have had the chance to participate in so many of these battles.</p>
    <p>And from how the description in the post was practically incoherent, it was evident that this elite player was on the verge of collapse. Just a while before, these elite players were existences that everyone admired. Even though their roles were like jobs and they were under pressure that many players wouldn't understand, these elite players did it in exchange for glory that ordinary players would never be able to obtain. But everything had changed now. The pro players pouring in made them… or at least, for this poster, it had resulted in a huge psychological blow to him. He didn't know what he could do or what he could achieve. He was the fodder when immortals fought.</p>
    <p>The post was pretty much just him crying and complaining the entire time. His choice to go anonymous seemed to be the last shred of clear-headedness in him. Even more pitiful for him, not only did this post not garner any sympathy, it brought laughter from all sorts of players. Seeing these elite players, who usually sat up high looking down on them, being stomped on by even more elite pro players was a form of pleasure to them. As for the pro players, how could they talk bad about them? The pro players were their idols!</p>
    <p>In the end, this post became a source of laughter in this scorching summer. It had no impact on the situation. The teams were using this summer to do everything they could to strengthen themselves. They weren't going to change just because of a single guild elite player's complaints.　</p>
    <p>None of their plans changed. At this moment, the official Glory company made an announcement. Glory would be releasing a Summer Carnival event.</p>
    <p>Event!</p>
    <p>The players instantly knew what this meant: plenty of rewards. And the pro teams also woke up. For pro teams, events were also great opportunities to obtain generous rewards. But as per usual, if all they did was participate, the rewards would just be ordinary. The truly high-end rewards came out of intense competition. It was similar to dungeon records and wild boss battles. These types of competitions had always been what the game was about, and every event embodied this style too. Carnival. What type of competition would it be? And this time, there were so many passionate pro players participating. Just how fierce would the competition be?</p>
  </body>
</html>
