<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 692: Did I Scare You Guys?</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 692: Did I Scare You Guys?</h1>
    <p>Lord Grim’s group looked as if they were planning to run, which allowed Blue Brook Guild feel more at ease. Blue Brook Guild wasn’t dead set on killing them, so forcing them to run away was good enough.</p>
    <p>Who would have thought that their moment of ease wouldn’t even last five seconds. After running for a bit, Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly turned around and charged at them. As for Lord Grim, he simply glanced at them for a brief second. Then, he turned tail and ran, appearing cold and indifferent towards the situation.</p>
    <p>Are we screwed? Blue Brook Guild began to panic again…..</p>
    <p>In the end, Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion died. Two players beating two hundred wasn’t even a remote possibility. Especially since one of the two came looking for a fight, while the other was there to “protect senior”. They charged forward in a very direct manner without any sort of tactics. In the end, the two were swallowed up by the sea of Blue Brook Guild players.</p>
    <p>When Blue Brook Guild saw the two corpses, they were shocked. They looked all around them and even checked the sky too.</p>
    <p>That’s it? There were no reinforcements? No ambushes? No follow up? No trouble was brought to them? They just got killed like that?</p>
    <p>While Blue Brook Guild was at a loss, Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion revived at the city, waiting to meet up with Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Both of them had lost experience as well as a piece of equipment. These were all trivial matters though. When the three convened, Ye Xiu laughed out loud and asked: “How was that?”</p>
    <p>“Senior, as long as you’re fine, it’s okay!” Steamed Bun still thought it had all been to protect Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“There were….. A bit too many opponents.” Tang Rou had to admit it. Against so many opponents, no matter how skilled you were, it wouldn’t be possible. When she charged over, her chasers flew around everywhere, showing their might. She was in such a frenzy that Blue Brook Guild seemed like they didn’t dare to get close to her. Her Battle Spirit quickly reached the seventh stage.</p>
    <p>But following afterwards…… they just kept their distance. Blue Brook Guild had long-ranged classes. All of them open fired and Tang Rou’s Soft Mist couldn’t even get close to them before she died.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was pretty much the same. He charged forward and then died soon afterwards. In the end, the two weren’t even able to kill a single Blue Brook Guild player.</p>
    <p>“Trying to fight against so many people in a head-on collision obviously isn’t possible. In that sort of situation, you have to use everything you have, utilizing guerrilla warfare, and finding opportunities to kill them off one by one.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Mm.” Tang Rou nodded her head. After trying it once, she now knew that it definitely wasn’t possible to beat them in a head-on fight. She didn’t plan on trying again either. She didn’t like losing, but that didn’t mean she was stupid. Tang Rou could clearly distinguish between what was possible and what wasn’t.</p>
    <p>“There’s a prerequisite for using this method to deal with two hundred players though. They have to be willing to play with you.” Ye Xiu said, “Originally, they were very willing to do so, but now, it seems like they don’t plan on concerning themselves with us anymore. Their sudden attack today was quite unexpected.”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was aware of the change in attitudes from the guilds. When he had first entered the Heavenly Domain, they pursued him without any hesitation, but after a few tries, the thunder and rain lessened until it became peaceful. Ye Xiu knew that the guilds hadn’t done any negotiations or anything. Their attitudes just eventually shifted to their current one.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had friended Blue Rain’s character just moments ago. He sent a message over to ask: “What’s going on with you guys?”</p>
    <p>“You guys kept following us. It put us under a lot of pressure.” Blue River replied.</p>
    <p>“Nonsense. We were just there to scrap pick. If we don’t follow you, who do we follow?” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Is shooing away scrap pickers anything weird?” Blue River felt a bit speechless. When had scrap picking ever been something righteous?! Did he not know that scrap pickers were even more annoying than flies? Why is he accusing us as if we’re in the wrong?</p>
    <p>“You’ll regret it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Is that a threat?” Blue River asked.</p>
    <p>“No. I’m just giving you a heads up. Just wait for it!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Blue River suddenly became a bit nervous. It wasn’t a secret that God Ye Qiu had created a four guild alliance. Right now, Samsara and Blue Brook Guild were fighting because of the finals. The other guilds and fans weren’t participating. Hearing these words from him, was he planning on bringing the four guilds into the fight to wipe them out? Was he actually planning on stealing from us?</p>
    <p>F*ck. Is another calamity going to befall us? If he had known earlier, Blue River was certain the guild would let the three scrap pickers follow them and endure the pressure. Their elite group didn’t want to suffer too many losses, now they had offended someone, who was about to forcefully rob from them…..</p>
    <p>Blue River didn’t dare delay. He immediately notified Changing Spring. When Changing Spring heard his words, he also started to panic. Their elite group only had two hundred players. If the four guild alliance gathered all of their troops, they definitely wouldn’t be able to resist! Even more so with someone like God Ye Qiu leading the enemy troops.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and call for help!” Changing Spring ordered. Big guilds had a huge numbers of players. Changing Spring hastily called for reinforcements. Originally, there were only two elite groups fighting. Now, there was a third, fourth, fifth, sixth…… all the way until there were ten groups. Changing Spring still felt uneasy. Who knew how many troops the four guilds could muster?</p>
    <p>Samsara suddenly received information about Blue Brook Guild gathering a huge number of troops. They suddenly felt uneasy too.</p>
    <p>Both sides had been avoiding each other, but that was just a tacit agreement. They hadn’t made any concrete agreement. Was Blue Brook Guild suddenly amassing troops to fight us? Samsara obviously felt worry. They were Blue Brook Guild’s only enemy right now!</p>
    <p>“We can’t be careless right now! Call for reinforcements!” Samsara’s guild leader Three Realms Six Paths hastily gave the order. Samsara started to gather troops too. One, two, three, four, all the way until ten groups were called.</p>
    <p>“Something big’s about to happen.” Wei Chen’s expression turned serious.</p>
    <p>“What’s wrong?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“We’ve suddenly started gathering our troops together. It seems like we’re planning on fighting a huge battle with Blue Brook Guild?” Wei Chen may have held the title of the second elite group’s leader, his rise had been abrupt. It was because of his talent that he was able to rise to the step so quickly. Samsara still didn’t place too much trust in him. As a result, even though he lead an elite group, Wei Chen wasn’t a core member of the guild yet. Every day, he received messages telling him what to do. As for what the purpose was, he had no idea.</p>
    <p>“Is that so? How amazing. Where are you planning on fighting? We should get ready.” Ye Xiu said. The guild elites had been avoiding each other, leading to worse profits compared to the last few days. Now that a huge battle was about to erupt, Ye Xiu wanted to seize this opportunity.</p>
    <p>“I don’t know yet. I’m still waiting for orders!” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“Really? Then should I ask Blue Brook Guild?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Huh? You can do that? Then go ask.” Wei Chen was surprised. He thought that Ye Xiu was a devil in the guild’s eyes. It was quite unexpected that he could get his hand on such important information from the higher ups of the guild. As he said this, he went over to look at who Ye Xiu was messaging.</p>
    <p>“What’s going on? You’re about to start a huge battle with Samsara?” Ye Xiu asked Blue River’s Blue Bridge Spring Snow.</p>
    <p>“What?” Blue River was puzzled.</p>
    <p>“What? You don’t know? Samsara’s started gathering their troops!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“WHAT?!” Blue River jumped up in fright. He immediately informed Changing Spring. Changing Spring already knew: “Yes, I already got the news. Samsara’s gathered around ten groups together. They seem to be making a move.”</p>
    <p>What are they trying to do? Blue Brook Guild was fervently discussing with one another. Samsara was fervently discussing this question too.</p>
    <p>This situation made Blue River feel like something wasn’t right. Even though he detested this sort of fight, the fight had once again come to him. After thinking about it for a bit, he suddenly thought of something: “Could this be some sort of scheme that Ye Qiu came up with?”</p>
    <p>“F*ck!” When this came out, many people suddenly became frightened.</p>
    <p>“Not only is this guy gathering troops from the four guilds, but he’s also pulling Samsara into this? No wonder Samsara suddenly became so confident and actually started to gather troops to fight us.” Blue Brook Guild’s core members were discussing with each other.</p>
    <p>“This is going to be difficult to deal with! Sh*t! That b*stard. He wants to loot a burning house!” Changing Spring cursed. The onlookers weren’t sure if he was cursing at Ye Qiu or Samsara. Then again, both of them should be cursed. Both of them were b*stards!</p>
    <p>This deduction had come from Blue River’s guess, but Blue River felt that something still wasn’t right. If this was Ye Qiu’s doing, then his message was a bit strange! It didn’t seem to make any sense.</p>
    <p>Right when he was thinking, Lord Grim messaged: “Are you guys going to make a move?”</p>
    <p>“Make what move?” Blue River asked back.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you going to make a move against Samsara?”</p>
    <p>“What are you talking about?” Blue River was becoming more and more confused.</p>
    <p>“It seems like Samsara took the initiative.” Ye Xiu felt like he had grasped the situation as he told Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>“The two big guilds have around the same level of strength. Blue Brook Guild should still be a little bit stronger though. For Samsara to take the initiative, it definitely can’t be that simple. Maybe they’re hiding some helpers?” Wei Chen started thinking.</p>
    <p>“For a huge confrontation of this scale, if any other guild was going to come and help, they would have needed to make preparations beforehand. It isn’t possible for neither of them to have noticed such a gathering of troops!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Maybe it’s just us who hasn’t discovered it? It’s not like we have a huge information network.” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“Who says we don’t? Bro, we’re in a four guild alliance. Don’t underestimate them.” Ye Xiu said. He messaged the four guild leaders to ask them to take note of any movements from the other guilds.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Blue River organized all the information he had with him, especially the records of his conversations with Lord Grim. Finally, he still felt something wasn’t right and asked: “Could it be that you’re not scheming anything?”</p>
    <p>“What scheme?” Ye Xiu was puzzled by Blue River’s sudden question.</p>
    <p>“You said you’d make us regret it.” Blue River said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, that was just something I said randomly. What? Did I scare you guys?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
  </body>
</html>
