<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1412 - Reverse Stalling</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1412 - Reverse Stalling</h1>
    <p>Blue Rain had just walked past this area, so Huang Shaotian had an understanding of it. This was why he intentionally had Troubling Rain make a sneak attack from this position. Happy could surround and attack him, but that would be exactly what he wanted. Huang Shaotian had chosen this location because he was confident that they could not hold him here.</p>
    <p>However, he didn’t dare force his way through Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim. If he got entangled by his unspecialized, he might truly be stuck.</p>
    <p>As a result, when he saw Lord Grim appear in front of him and send a sneering emoji in the chat, Huang Shaotian quickly replied: “Oh no! I’ve been cut off by you!”</p>
    <p>After saying these words, Troubling Rain turned around and ran away</p>
    <p>“You think you can run?” Ye Xiu yelled. Lord Grim chased after him.</p>
    <p>Everything was going according to plan. He just wasn’t sure what Happy’s other members would do though. This was a part of Huang Shaotian’s plans though. He needed to be in a truly dangerous situation. If his situation was too relaxed, it meant that trying to trap him would be without value. Why would the other side waste their time on him in that case?</p>
    <p>Opportunity came hand in hand with danger. The greater the opportunity, the greater the danger. As the most famous opportunist in Glory, how could Huang Shaotian not know this?</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Artillery barrage suddenly came his way.</p>
    <p>As soon as Huang Shaotian heard the noise, he dodged. He didn’t bother to see which direction the gunfire was coming from and had Troubling Rain roll twice. The explosions nearly scorched his back. The Void Sand Sea was covered in fine sand. When the missiles exploded, the fine sand splashed in all directions like water.</p>
    <p>He dodged the attack with two rolls and also found Dancing Rain’s position.</p>
    <p>Another one!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian quietly imagined the positions of the two Happy characters and then made a decision.</p>
    <p>Over here!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain switched directions and rushed towards the other end. From the time and the opposing character’s movement speed, he determined that this area should be an opening.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was experienced. At this moment, he was no longer bait. He truly needed to escape. If he made a mistake, he might really get caught by Happy and killed.</p>
    <p>What he needed to respond to was the long-ranged pursuit from Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu’s highly mobile unspecialized. Huang Shaotian calculated in his head. But then at this moment, a message from Ye Xiu suddenly popped up: “You’re leaving? Then, I won’t send you off!”</p>
    <p>What?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was surprised, but the sounds of gunfire could still be heard behind him. He could not stop. He could only keep moving as he turned.</p>
    <p>From afar, Dancing Rain stood there with a cannon on her shoulders, her hair fluttering in the wind. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim didn’t give chase, but simply walked to Dancing Rain’s side.</p>
    <p>Where was Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea?</p>
    <p>Where was Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash?</p>
    <p>Where was An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian checked where the locations from which they could surround him, but he didn’t see any signs of them.</p>
    <p>Behind?</p>
    <p>Impossible. The other side didn’t have the speed to intercept him from this direction.</p>
    <p>So surrounding him was just a facade?</p>
    <p>Then, where were Happy’s other three players? They couldn’t be fighting with their Blue Rain’s four players, could they? 3v4? Where’d they get that sort of confidence from? If that were his intention, then wouldn’t Ye Xiu have been saying too much? It would have given away his position?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wouldn’t do that! This came from Huang Shaotian’s deep-rooted understanding of Ye Xiu. He had no time to slowly ponder over it. Huang Shaotian immediately made a decision from his intuition. So he’s letting me go freely? Fine, then I’ll go!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn’t change Troubling Rain’s route and continued to rush out in this direction until he couldn’t see Lord Grim and Dancing Rain behind him. Then, he changed directions and picked a different route to come back.</p>
    <p>“I knew you’d come back.” Not long afterwards, Lord Grim once again appeared, cutting in front of him.</p>
    <p>A trap?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was extremely perceptive. He had been prepared for a trap. When he saw Lord Grim in front of him, he wasn’t thinking about facing just one opponent, but rather five!</p>
    <p>When Troubling Rain made his first step, he had carefully considered his surroundings. He didn’t even blabber. He immediately had Troubling Rain choose a direction to rush out from.</p>
    <p>This was the best direction to make a sudden break out from an encirclement from Happy.</p>
    <p>“Don’t run! 1v1 me!” Ye Xiu called out.</p>
    <p>“Who would believe you?” Huang Shaotian said, and had Troubling Rain run away.</p>
    <p>But then, he didn’t come across any obstacles.</p>
    <p>This isn’t right!</p>
    <p>Even if this was the best direction to escape from, that didn’t mean he should be able to escape this easily. This meant one thing: there were no ambushes set up here. It really was just Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Or could it be… that they intentionally didn’t ambush him to lure him back?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian never tired of making these sort of guesses. Glory was never just about mechanics. Using your brain was also important. Someone who could instantly make these sorts of clear judgements was no less terrifying than someone with a crazy 500APM hand speed. Why was Blue Rain’s Yu Wenzhou a top Glory player despite his abysmal hand speed? Because despite his hand speed shortcoming, he was extremely intelligent and could instantly make correct and careful decisions.</p>
    <p>If he went back, he might fall into their trap, but if he continued forward, he would achieve nothing.</p>
    <p>So he went back. Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain once again circled back, and tried to find another way to approach Happy and figure out their strategy.</p>
    <p>“How’s it going?” At this moment, Yu Wenzhou asked about Huang Shaotian’s situation.</p>
    <p>“There are three people who I haven’t seen any signs of,” Huang Shaotian knew that this match wasn’t just a game. It wasn’t the time to care about his reputation. He had yet to see Fang Rui, Qiao Yifan, and An Wenyi. A 3v4 didn’t seem possible, but he should still remind the team to be careful. Blue Rain had no information on their whereabouts.</p>
    <p>“Then, what’s the current situation?” Yu Wenzhou asked.</p>
    <p>“I’m trying to find a way to investigate,” Huang Shaotian replied.</p>
    <p>This area could already be considered as the border between Blue Rain’s spawn location in the north region and the ancient city ruins in the eastern region. The terrain of both sides could be seen. Traces of the ancient ruins were scattered around in a fairly sparse little forest. From Ye Xiu’s previous position, Huang Shaotian was able to guess his current movement direction. Troubling Rain traveled through the forest, checking his surroundings from time to time.</p>
    <p>It looks like this time I need to have some actual contact with them.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian thought to himself. His previous two actions had been on the cautious side because he hadn’t dared to be rash. As soon as he saw Ye Xiu, he ran away. As a result, he wasn’t able to figure out the opponent’s actual situation. After those two times, Huang Shaotian was starting to suspect that the other side was planning on surrounding him. He needed to verify this point. The most direct method was to place himself in an even more dangerous situation and trigger the opponent’s trap.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian did his best to remember the details of his surroundings. These might be places which he could use to escape from a thorny situation.</p>
    <p>Alright, that should be enough! Time to run into them!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian had been visualizing the movements of Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim the entire time. He guessed that he should meet him around here unless Lord Grim had been chasing after Troubling Rain, which clearly wasn’t the case.</p>
    <p>Over there!</p>
    <p>A figure flashed. Huang Shaotian could tell that it was Lord Grim. He checked his surroundings and then had Troubling Rain quickly rush forward.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain moved diagonally, blue light flickering. With a flash, he reached Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Earthquake Sword!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim immediately drew his sword from the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella and attacks back. The two swords clashed, spinning wind around them. The ground of this little forest still had fine sand scattered about. The Earthquake Sword swept the sand up, forming exquisite ripples.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn’t have the time to appreciate the beauty. He had forcefully cancelled his Triple Slash. With a stride, he blocked Lord Grim’s path and swung his sword with a Sword Draw.</p>
    <p>Dong!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim lifted his sword in front of him and blocked the attack using Guard.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn’t hastily follow up.</p>
    <p>He wasn’t here to win. His goal was to figure out Happy’s strategy. When he had blocked Lord Grim, he had been paying attention to his surroundings. Were Happy’s other characters rushing out to surround him?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Even Su Mucheng, who had been with Ye Xiu, was nowhere to be seen.</p>
    <p>4v4?</p>
    <p>Were they planning on attacking the rest of Blue Rain in the ancient ruins?</p>
    <p>Ignoring how Happy had figured out Blue Rain’s location, Huang Shaotian was about to remind his team, when Ye Xiu said: “You’re not running away this time?”</p>
    <p>Have they surrounded me?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian subconsciously looked to the left and right.</p>
    <p>Bastard! Another bluff!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian cursed inwardly and immediately messaged his teammates: “Happy might be coming over. Careful.”</p>
    <p>On this side, Ye Xiu continued: “What are you looking around for? Did you think you’ve been surrounded? You’re too arrogant. You think we need to surround you to finish you off? Aren’t I alone enough?”</p>
    <p>BOX-1?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian thought to himself, but immediately disregarded it.</p>
    <p>BOX-1 wasn’t suitable against Blue Rain because their Blue Rain’s ace player, Huang Shaotian, was different from other core players.</p>
    <p>BOX-1’s intentions was to drag an important opponent away from the rest of the team. However, Huang Shaotian was already away from his team. Wasn’t trying to drag him away pointless?</p>
    <p>On the contrary, if Ye Xiu was held onto by Huang Shaotian, that would be more harmful to Happy, no?</p>
    <p>In a 4v4, Blue Rain wouldn’t lose to just anyone because they were too used to having one less Huang Shaotian in a fight. They would often be defending against five as four. A pure 4v4 would be even easier.</p>
    <p>But how could Ye Xiu not understood such obvious logic?</p>
    <p>What was Happy trying to do? Huang Shaotian discovered that his investigation was a complete failure.</p>
    <p>Wait?</p>
    <p>Complete failure?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian suddenly noticed. Happy is stalling us! By stalling me, they’re giving away their movements.</p>
    <p>Yes, that’s it! Huang Shaotian felt gloomy. He had been trying to stall the enemy, but in the end, it was the enemy who had stalled him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
