<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1471 - Can Never Be Overlooked At Any Moment</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1471 - Can Never Be Overlooked At Any Moment</h1>
    <p>Bullet Rain.</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain.</p>
    <p>In this sort of critical moment, Zheng Xuan usually liked to drop a “how stressful” in the chat before acting. But this time, in a rare sight, he didn’t complain at all. Just like that, Bullet Rain, scattering a rain of bullets, rushed forward.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom boom.</p>
    <p>A road paved with the fireworks of explosions. When a Spitfire went on full offensive, the sight was as splendid and colorful as a Mage’s attacks. Zhang Jiale, the creator of the Hundred Blossoms style, used this point to the fullest, and those who came after him all learned something from the Hundred Blossoms style. Perhaps they wouldn’t take advantage of the special effects of the attacks to the peak like he did. But for Spitfires, how dazzling the offensive was became an important metric for gauging strength.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan, this unmotivated guy, was currently playing an unusually dazzling game. He had always been viewed as the best Spitfire player after Zhang Jiale, and he’d even had the opportunity to go to Hundred Blossoms to fill the gap that had been left by Zhang Jiale’s retirement, and become that team’s core.</p>
    <p>But Zheng Xuan’s unmotivated personality led him to reject that kind of invitation. And not long after that, another Blue Rain player, Yu Feng, left for Hundred Blossoms. As a Berserker, he lifted up this team. So, these two teams still ended up completing this kind of exchange.</p>
    <p>Because of his lack of motivation, Zheng Xuan had suffered more than a bit of criticism. But he never minded the opinions of the outside world.</p>
    <p>There was no ambition in his chest. He never cared about how important he was, how much people looked up to him, how much they expected from him.</p>
    <p>But now, Zheng Xuan resolutely focused all of his spirit.</p>
    <p>Because the situation they faced now was extremely dire. If their healer was really dragged into the wind zone by Fang Rui and Steamed Bun, saving him would become extremely difficult, and they would lose the initiative completely.</p>
    <p>But this, by itself, wasn’t enough to force Zheng Xuan to focus. What really caused him to focus was the fact that, in such critical moments, he didn’t want to let his teammates down.</p>
    <p>Yes. He was an unmotivated person, but Blue Rain, his Blue Rain teammates, accepted his personality. They allowed him to be lazy sometimes. They allowed him to bring that dull, listless performance sometimes, where others would be grinding their teeth in frustration.</p>
    <p>This wasn’t to say that Blue Rain was really that casual. This was all because Blue Rain, Blue Rain’s players, always had faith in Zheng Xuan’s judgment.</p>
    <p>Laziness, listlessness…</p>
    <p>Whenever Zheng Xuan displayed these traits, it was always during irrelevant moments. But any time things were at a crucial point, this guy would always rush forward with a “how stressful” on his tongue. He had never dropped the ball before.</p>
    <p>His teammates accepted him, and Zheng Xuan wasn’t someone who couldn’t tell good from bad. He always repaid everyone’s acceptance.</p>
    <p>He understood that, standing on this battlefield, he wasn’t fighting just for himself. Sometimes, he could give up without a care, but the team couldn’t, his teammates couldn’t. And so, he would continue to walk with everyone. In the end, he lived up to the trust everyone had in him.</p>
    <p>Unmotivated?</p>
    <p>If this was truly a competition where everyone only strove for individual honor, Zheng Xuan probably would have been eliminated from this circle long ago. But Glory was a team project; it wasn’t a single-player game. It wasn’t that Zheng Xuan lacked motivation, it was that his motivation needed to be inspired from different sources. Such as, for his teammates, for the team…</p>
    <p>For him, paying enough trust would earn the deepest repayment. And Team Blue Rain had done exactly this.</p>
    <p>“Charge!!”</p>
    <p>Seeing Zheng Xuan control Bullet Rain, Blue Rain’s fans exploded with cheers.</p>
    <p>At crucial moments, no one could slack off. The audience, the players, including Happy’s players.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was forcefully holding back Huang Shaotian and Lu Hanwen both. Su Mucheng’s Launcher was preventing Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar from casting a single curse. Weren’t Happy’s players putting their all into seizing this opportunity firmly?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui told Steamed Bun to ignore the attacks from Bullet Rain.</p>
    <p>But, could they be ignored?</p>
    <p>Freezing Bullet, Flash Bullet, Electric Grenade, Implosion Grenade…</p>
    <p>Spitfires were not a class that only dealt damage; they had great crowd control. And attacks that had controlling effects simply could not be ignored.</p>
    <p>When Fang Rui said to ignore them, Happy’s fans were scared to death. They thought, how could they be ignored?</p>
    <p>And Steamed Bun’s answer, “how smart,” only frightened them even more.</p>
    <p>These two conducting their kidnapping, they were really audacious to the extreme!</p>
    <p>They really dared to ignore him?</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain poured down, everything was coming to a head, and these two audacious fellows didn’t disappoint – they really dared!</p>
    <p>“Go go go go go!!” Steamed Bun shouted in the chat, and as he shouted, he furiously unleashed punches and kicks upon Soul Speaker!</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi understood the current situation. He didn’t have much means of fighting back, but he could put up a resistance.</p>
    <p>“Throw here!” Fang Rui suddenly called in the chat.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun, who liked to complain, didn’t bother to say anything this time. He lifted up Soul Speaker and swung.</p>
    <p>Fling!</p>
    <p>Even though it was a Grappler skill, it was a sub-level 20 skill, so all Fighters could learn it. None of the four Fighter subclasses would completely neglect this kind of forceful grab skill.</p>
    <p>Compared to the Grappler, which had its grab-strengthening classing skill, the other three classes couldn’t use the skill to the same effectiveness. But the skill could still throw the target, living up to its name.</p>
    <p>Soul Speaker flew.</p>
    <p>Plate Armor wasn’t light in weight, added to the fact that Steamed Bun Invasion’s Fling was only so strong. His flight wasn’t long – he’d only just flown out of Steamed Bun Invasion’s hands before it looked like he was about to land.</p>
    <p>But Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea was already ready to catch him.</p>
    <p>“Fling relay?” Pan Lin exclaimed.</p>
    <p>“It’s still not enough!” Li Yibo said. Even if they tried to relay throw him, they were still too far from the wind zone. Boundless Sea’s Fling was even weaker, because the Qi Master’s Strength was a bit less than the Brawler’s.</p>
    <p>But at that moment, a grenade landed right behind Boundless Sea as he was grabbing Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>The grenade cracked and split in two, and a powerful force began to draw in the surrounding air.</p>
    <p>“Implosion!” Pan Lin once again exclaimed. Instantly, he understood.</p>
    <p>They thought that it wasn’t enough because they only saw what was in front of them. Fang Rui thought that it was enough because he saw the whole situation. He saw that Bullet Rain had thrown an Implosion Grenade their way, and he was going to use the momentum brought by this Implosion Grenade.</p>
    <p>The airflow drew everything inward, sending the plants scattering. Boundless Sea, right next to the grenade, was instantly sent flying by the grenade, but his two hands were still gripping Soul Speaker. This was a priority that the Implosion Grenade couldn’t break.</p>
    <p>Fly out. The two characters flew out together.</p>
    <p>Exclamations sounded throughout the crowd of Blue Rain fans, who were all thinking, “it’s over, it’s over.”</p>
    <p>“Don’t underestimate me!” But at this moment, Zheng Xuan didn’t say his catchphrase “how stressful,” but instead exploded with this shout.</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain changed direction.</p>
    <p>Chasing the two characters flying through the air, madly going after them.</p>
    <p>Those dazzling explosions upon the ground were now aimed into the air, exploding nonstop next to Boundless Sea and Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>What godly gun technique!</p>
    <p>Everyone was shocked.</p>
    <p>Because the two characters were stuck together by the grab, they flew a bit more slowly from the explosion than they otherwise would have. But to focus fire completely upon the trajectory they followed, thoroughly bombarding their bodies, how many people could do what Zheng Xuan did?</p>
    <p>The applause swallowed the Blue Rain stadium.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan, this person who never had motivation, now displayed such a thrilling performance at this crucial moment. It surprised everyone, it raised everyone’s spirits.</p>
    <p>And were these attacks just to deal damage?</p>
    <p>Of course not!</p>
    <p>The implosion sent them flying quickly; Zheng Xuan’s attacks chased after them quickly; everything happened in an instant. But the trajectory of the two flying characters, under Bullet Rain’s attacks, was changed. It was clear to see that the two stuck-together characters wouldn’t land in the wind zone. Even if Boundless Sea tried to Fling now, there was no way he could send Soul Speaker into the wind zone.</p>
    <p>The applause became even more enthusiastic, so much that no one noticed a gunshot, a gunshot that was separate from Bullet Rain’s midair firing, a gunshot that was different from Dancing Rain’s explosive artillery fire.</p>
    <p>With a gunshot, Bullet Rain’s attacks were extinguished, and after that, Zheng Xuan saw a grenade fly past his sight, flying toward those two characters in the air.</p>
    <p>The type of the grenade clearly registered in Zheng Xuan’s pupils.</p>
    <p>Implosion!</p>
    <p>A grenade he was incomparably familiar with. And its trajectory…</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan desperately wanted to stop this grenade, but when he tried to control his character, Bullet Rain couldn’t move. Of course, there was a reason why he couldn’t move.</p>
    <p>Stun Bullet. The earlier gunshot had been a Stun Bullet, stopping Bullet Rain’s attacks for good. And after that, this Implosion Grenade flew outward, Zheng Xuan wanted to stop it but couldn’t. Only with great effort could he move again, and he couldn’t be bothered to figure out who had done all this. Bullet Rain lifted his gun, furiously trying to detonate that Implosion Grenade in midair.</p>
    <p>But, it was too late…</p>
    <p>Perhaps the Implosion Grenade hadn’t managed to fly to its most optimal position, but when it burst, it still accomplished the goal that Happy wanted.</p>
    <p>Whoosh…</p>
    <p>When the Implosion Grenade blasted open, there was this sharp sound of a twister. The two characters were still stumbling from their landing, one continued to stumble, while the other was picked up into the air again.</p>
    <p>Right now there wasn’t a grab in effect, so the the Implosion Grenade only affected the opponent. Soul Speaker was sent flying once again.</p>
    <p>And the stumbling Boundless Sea simply rolled into a half-crouch. He didn’t even bother to stand up straight, he chased after Soul Speaker half-rolling, half-crawling. Behind him. Steamed Bun Invasion brandished his brick and aggressively followed.</p>
    <p>It’s over…</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan was in despair. At last, he had nothing left to stop this. That damned Stun Bullet, that damned Implosion Grenade, that damned guy.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan already knew who had orchestrated this whole thing.</p>
    <p>It was that person who, at any moment, even if he was being pincered, even if he was being pincered by dual Blade Masters Huang Shaotian and Lu Hanwen, could never be overlooked. That damned person.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim.</p>
  </body>
</html>
