<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1321: Flash Past That Shield</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1321: Flash Past That Shield</h1>
    <p>A 26 round win streak was crazy.</p>
    <p>When that win streak would end was undoubtedly on everyone's mind. The outstanding player who could break that win streak would look extremely amazing too. As a result, as long as it was Happy's away game, the home crowd would always hold high expectations for their home team, hoping that they would be the ones to end this legendary record.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb's fans were no exception. After Xu Bin's name showed up on the big screen, the crowd immediately let out wild cheers. It was truly rare to have such excitement for the individual competition. The excitement was all because of Ye Xiu and that ridiculous win streak of his.</p>
    <p>Amidst the cheers, Xu Bin stood up and walked onto the stage. On the other side, his opponent Ye Xiu had already entered his player booth.　　</p>
    <p>The home team Tiny Herb held the right to choose the map, and they naturally wouldn't give Ye Xiu the simple maps that he liked.</p>
    <p>Corrupt Flower Garden.</p>
    <p>Flowers, plants, rock gardens, fountains, pavilions, and winding corridors, a map with plenty of substance. Tiny Herb had chosen this map to counter Ye Xiu's playstyle.</p>
    <p>The match began, and the two characters spawned.</p>
    <p>Having chosen this map, Xu Bin had a strategic opening planned out. Xu Bin had Angelica take a roundabout route along the left path. He borrowed the rocks in the rock garden as footing and jumped a few times onto the top of a pavilion.</p>
    <p>The map wasn't very large. This high point allowed him to oversee the entire map. Xu Bin looked around and easily found Lord Grim's whereabouts. It looked like Ye Xiu didn't mind playing tactics on this map with his opponent. Lord Grim was also taking a roundabout path at the opposite end of the map. When Xu Bin located him, Ye Xiu also noticed Angelica on top of a pavilion.</p>
    <p>The two sides had both found each other, making their next moves more difficult to figure out. Xu Bin had Angelica continue standing on top of the pavilion and observed Ye Xiu's movements. Then, he saw Ye Xiu have Lord Grim run towards him.</p>
    <p>We're just going to end up fighting like this?</p>
    <p>Wouldn't that mean their strategic movements had been for nothing? Neither player would hold any advantage.</p>
    <p>In the broadcast room, the caster and two commentators were starting to discuss this question.</p>
    <p>"Xu Bin holds the initiative. There's no way he didn't think that his actions would also expose himself. Perhaps that was even his goal," Ruan Cheng expressed.</p>
    <p>"Lord Grim is closing in. Right now, Angelica is already in Lord Grim's attack range. It's just that Lord Grim hasn't started attacking yet," Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim rushed towards Angelica, but Angelica just stood there and didn't run. Lord Grim wasn't just charging in blindly. He suddenly stopped. And at that instant, Angelica's feet had started shifting slightly. But after he saw Lord Grim stop, he also stopped.</p>
    <p>"This distance…" The three in the broadcast room began analyzing Lord Grim's sudden halt.</p>
    <p>"He's outside the range of a Knight's Heroic Leap," The three looked over the two characters' skills and quickly came to that conclusion.</p>
    <p>"Oh? Heroic Leap is that much of a threat?" Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"For a player who can seize opportunities, it's quite a threat," Ruan Cheng said.</p>
    <p>"However, Ye Xiu seems to have noticed this point," Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"The two really aren't budging an inch!" Pan Lin sighed. At this moment, Lord Grim stood just outside of Angelica's maximum range and confidently started casting a spell.</p>
    <p>Angelica still didn't move.　　</p>
    <p>This distance wasn't too close for a magic spell, and Xu Bin figured he would have time to react when the spell came out.</p>
    <p>Blizzard!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim casted a Blizzard. Hail and snowflakes crashed down.</p>
    <p>Angelica stepped to the side and dodged it. He wouldn't be hit by this sort of skill.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim casted two more spells, a magic one and a curse. Xu Bin simply had Angelica dodge them without any intentions of counter attacking.</p>
    <p>"Xu Bin is starting his grind…" Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin had a headache. Xu Bin's slow grind was difficult to cast. He was just dodging Lord Grim's low-threat spells right now, but no one knew what his purpose was.</p>
    <p>"You're not planning on coming down?" Ye Xiu spoke.</p>
    <p>"There's no rush," Xu Bin replied.</p>
    <p>"Then I'll come up?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Sure!" Xu Bin happily accepted.</p>
    <p>As a result, Lord Grim opened up his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. The umbrella's ribs flipped outwards and started whirring. Lord Grim floated up with a Rotor Wings.</p>
    <p>Fly!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim suddenly rose to the skies. Ye Xiu watched Angelica's movements closely.　</p>
    <p>He moved!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu said he would come up, and he really did, but suddenly, Angelica came down.</p>
    <p>Heroic Leap!</p>
    <p>Xu Bin had Angelica use Heroic Leap. As Angelica jumped up, he slashed down with his knight sword. However, there was still some distance between him and Lord Grim! Ye Xiu was using Rotor Wings, and he wasn't going to crash into the attack.</p>
    <p>Angelica crashed to the ground. The shockwaves from Heroic Leap carried a force that flattened the surroundings.</p>
    <p>Angelica suddenly waved his hands towards Lord Grim, Taunt!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim wasn't able to control himself and headed straight for Angelica. However, he had already let out an attack. Taunt didn't stop the target from attacking.</p>
    <p>Angelica lifted his left hand. The Sighing Wall, the sturdiest shield in all of Glory, welcomed Lord Grim's incoming attack.</p>
    <p>"Defend to attack!" Ruan Cheng said.</p>
    <p>"Defense is the offense!" Li Yibo remarked.</p>
    <p>Having been Taunted, Lord Grim didn't seem to have any choices. He could only crash into the shield.　</p>
    <p>Shields didn't fear attacks. After blocking Lord Grim, Angelica could immediately counterattack. 　　</p>
    <p>Chance!</p>
    <p>Countless people shouted.　</p>
    <p>But Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella also opened.</p>
    <p>Shield versus shield.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, everyone was uncertain.　　</p>
    <p>Shield against shield. Neither side would take much damage, and the advantage of attacking after shielding no longer belonged to just Xu Bin. Everything had been reset to zero.</p>
    <p>The two shields crashed against each other. Lord Grim had come from the air, so he had plenty of momentum. But in terms of shield strength, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was just a light shield. It couldn't compare at all to Glory's number one shield, Sighing Wall!</p>
    <p>Shield Attack!　　</p>
    <p>Angelica also used an attack.　　</p>
    <p>The umbrella shield was no match. Lord Grim crashed into the shield and hung in the air, but then he immediately poofed into a cloud of smoke.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Angelica only hit a fake clone. The real body had flashed past the shield and was now in front of Angelica.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn't care about the control effects of Taunt. He actually wanted to get closer to the target. As a result, he just took advantage of Angelica Taunting him.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>The sword was placed besides his feet, falling directly onto Angelica. The attack forced him back.</p>
    <p>However, the knockdown from Falling Light Blade wasn't enforced. It could be teched with a Quick Recover.　　</p>
    <p>However, Xu Bin unexpectedly did not Quick Recover and just fell to the ground.　　</p>
    <p>"Beautiful! What precise judgement!" Ruan Cheng sighed. After Lord Grim's Falling Light Blade, a Sword Draw followed. If Angelica had Quick Recovered, the Sword Draw would have perfectly hit him. Who would have thought that Angelica would just fall like a corpse. The sword light from the Sword Draw brushed past him. After dodging the attack, Angelica immediately rolled to the side, his shield in front of him.</p>
    <p>"Too slow!" Li Yibo shouted. Xu Bin's judgement had been accurate, but his reaction had been a tad slow. Even with the shield protecting him, Ye Xiu still held the initiative! After rolling to the side, Xu Bin should have immediately counter attacked.</p>
    <p>But Lord Grim didn't seize this opportunity to attack.</p>
    <p>A cold light streaked across Angelica's Sighing Wall.</p>
    <p>"He activated Maelstrom Counterattack!" Li Yibo suddenly understood. No wonder he didn't counter attack. No wonder Lord Grim didn't continue attacking.　</p>
    <p>Angelica had activated Maelstrom Attack, which reflected all incoming attacks back to the opponent.</p>
    <p>"Slow has always been Xu Bin's strength!" Ruan Cheng smiled.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo felt his face turn red. He couldn't dispute that. Xu Bin's previous two responses had displayed his slow characteristic.</p>
    <p>"Ye Xiu's offense has been interrupted," Pan Lin noted.</p>
    <p>"Correct. By not Quick Recovering and then activating Maelstrom Counterattack, he's forced the pace to slow down. Ye Xiu couldn't even start his offense before being pressed down!" Ruan Cheng said. He was overjoyed at Happy with the disadvantage. However, he couldn't go overboard on the surface! Even though he had showed his bias, he had to display calmness. He couldn't be like "Haha, it turns out you couldn't do it". Instead, it should be "Haha, I knew you couldn't do it."</p>
    <p>"Is that so?" Li Yibo suddenly chuckled.</p>
    <p>The Lord Grim in front of Angelica suddenly disappeared!</p>
    <p>No, not disappear. To be more precise, he had disappeared from Angelica's view. Lord Grim flickered and hid using Angelica's Sighing Wall as cover.</p>
    <p>Xu Bin hastily lowered Angelica's Sighing Wall, but he still couldn't see Lord Grim. Lord Grim had crouched down along with his shield's movements.</p>
    <p>Xu Bin had Sighing Wall move horizontally, but in that instant, Lord Grim flashed in the opposite direction of Sighing Wall's movement.</p>
    <p>Movement skill!</p>
    <p>"He's passed!" Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim circled behind Sighing Wall and started sending attacks towards Angelica.　</p>
    <p>"Lord Grim juked Sighing Wall like a football player," Pan Lin called out.</p>
    <p>"Haha, Little Pan, that's an interesting comparison. According to you, Lord Grim hiding using the shield and crouching were all feints?" Li Yibo laughed.</p>
    <p>"Haha, that's an interesting way to put it," Pan Lin praised back.</p>
    <p>The two old partners commentated excitedly. On the other hand, Ruan Cheng was feeling gloomy.</p>
    <p>Even though he hadn't dared to favor Ye Xiu's opponent in this match, he had truly hoped someone could bring down this record. Happy having such a show-off achivement was truly annoying.　</p>
    <p>But it's probably not going to be this one... 　　</p>
    <p>After Lord Grim flashed past Sighing Wall, Angelica was now completely exposed in front of Lord Grim. The unspecialized blitz began. Countless skills poured down on him, and Sighing Wall was unable to protect him.</p>
    <p>"This situation… it looks like even Xu Bin isn't able to slow it down…" Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"He can't." Li Yibo didn't speak at first. He saw as Angelica tried to slow things down, but Lord Grim used a movement skill to directly move behind the attack and then dealt the final blow.</p>
    <p>The win streak continued.</p>
  </body>
</html>
