<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1533 - Everyone With Their Own Video</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1533 - Everyone With Their Own Video</h1>
    <p>Chen Guo’s attention immediately shifted to Tang Rou’s computer screen. Ye Xiu must have compiled the video last night to help Tang Rou improve.</p>
    <p>“How is it?” Ye Xiu went behind Tang Rou and watched the video together with her.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou didn’t answer back, watching the video carefully. Chen Guo was also thinking, but… even at her skill level, she could tell that the video didn’t quite look like the usual analysis clips that Ye Xiu gathered after a match. The angle, distance, and rhythm didn’t look right.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou’s brows were beginning to furrow. It seemed like she was also having trouble understanding what she was watching.</p>
    <p>“You’re not going to listen to the sound? It’ll be better that way!” Ye Xiu advised.</p>
    <p>Oh! He recorded his own voice? So that’s the case! Ye Xiu had never done that before! Chen Guo suddenly understood. Even though she was curious, she didn’t fight over the headphones. She watched as Tang Rou take the headphones and put them on. Her expression became even more puzzled. Then, she stopped looking at the clip and turned her head to look at Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“How was my music choice? You play music. What do you think?” Ye Xiu was in high spirits.</p>
    <p>“Pretty good…”</p>
    <p>“Music choice?” Chen Guo was starting to feel puzzled again. Tang Rou removed her headphones and handed them over to Chen Guo. Chen Guo immediately put them on. Hype music started playing as she watched the video…</p>
    <p>The video became more fun to watch, but at the same time, it also indicated that this wasn’t a video reviewing her mistakes in last night’s match. It was a compilation of highlights showing off her skill.</p>
    <p>“It’s pretty good, right?” Ye Xiu asked Chen Guo for her opinion.</p>
    <p>“This was what you were working on all of last night?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Yup!” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“…”</p>
    <p>“Amazing, right?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah… amazing…” Chen Guo struggled to nod her head. She had hoped that Ye Xiu would give her an explanation, but…”</p>
    <p>“Haha,” Ye Xiu laughed and then left.</p>
    <p>“Hey hey hey!” Chen Guo couldn’t bear it anymore and caught up to him.</p>
    <p>“Hm?”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu dragged Ye Xiu to a corner and lowered her voice: “You spent all of last night making this type of video? What are you planning?”</p>
    <p>“I’m planning on showing it to everyone!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What’s the point?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“For them to watch?” Ye Xiu was starting to get confused, seeing Chen Guo’s expression.</p>
    <p>“Just to watch, nothing else?”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought about it: “Well, there’s music to accompany it, so they can listen too…”</p>
    <p>“You… want everyone to watch these videos to raise the team’s morale!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“It’s better than looking at those post-match reviews, no? Weren’t you reading through those all night yesterday?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo wanted to refute it, but she couldn’t. Everyone knew about her habits. There was no point hiding it!</p>
    <p>“It’ll liven up the mood!” Ye Xiu said to her.</p>
    <p>“…” Chen Guo was speechless.</p>
    <p>“Every match brings new possibilities. Whether it’s a win or a loss, the past doesn’t mean anything. During these two days, it wouldn’t be good to try to force anything. In fact, it would probably mess up our original rhythm. Rather than having that happen, it’d be better to give everyone some confidence. We can only keep moving forward,” Ye Xiu began speaking more seriously.</p>
    <p>“Why didn’t you just say this to them?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Because…” Ye Xiu turned his head back,” Not everyone’s up yet.”</p>
    <p>“You’re so annoying,” Chen Guo walked away furiously, ignoring Ye Xiu. She returned to her seat and looked at Tang Rou. She had put on her headphones and was watching the video again.</p>
    <p>“What do you think?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“It feels pretty good watching it,” Tang Rou smiled.</p>
    <p>The others on Happy arrived at the practice room one after the other. Each of them received their own highlight video. The ones who played last night had clips from last night. Those who hadn’t played last night had clips from past matches. The contents of those videos were all highlight clips showing off their skill.</p>
    <p>“Wow! Wow! Wow!” Fang Rui watched his highlight video and made a lot of noise, “What a high quality video! I didn’t know you had talent in this area.”</p>
    <p>“I’m only so-so,” Ye Xiu replied modestly.</p>
    <p>“I’m going to upload it,” Fang Rui said. Shortly afterwards, Chen Guo discovered that Fang Rui really had uploaded his highlight video to Glory’s most popular video-sharing site. Most of those videos were players trying to show off. A God wanted to squeeze in there too and fight them for the top spot?</p>
    <p>The outcome was obvious.</p>
    <p>“The Golden Right Hand – The Greatest – The Matchless – The Magnificent Qi Master – Boundless Sea.” Such a ridiculous title was eye-catching enough. When people clicked on it, they saw that it was indeed Boundless Sea. It wasn’t anything new, though. It consisted of clips from last night’s match, and anyone could make this sort of clip. But when everyone saw who had posted the video, they exploded. The uploader was Fang Rui himself. The account had been verified by the site. It was Fang Rui without a doubt!</p>
    <p>As a result, it no longer mattered what the contents of the video were. Fang Rui’s name alone was enough to make the video trending.</p>
    <p>Not long afterwards, it was no longer just that site. The video was uploaded everywhere to all the major video-sharing sites. In some places, there were even news articles that had been published. The widespread opinion was criticism of Fang Rui not using this time to review last night’s match, instead using the time to make a highlight video of himself and uploaded it to the Internet to show off. What sort of mentality was that?</p>
    <p>What mentality?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn’t know either!</p>
    <p>But Wei Chen couldn’t endure it anymore, seeing Fang Rui’s smug look. He also uploaded his. However, he hadn’t played last night. Most of the clips were from past matches, and he also wasn’t as popular as Fang Rui, so the video wasn’t as popular either. Although his video also caused quite a bit of commotion, it couldn’t compare to Fang Rui’s.</p>
    <p>What is Happy doing?</p>
    <p>Even though Wei Chen’s video showed off past clips, his video had been uploaded shortly after Fang Rui’s. It was a very subtle detail that many people caught onto.</p>
    <p>And how could Steamed Bun not join in? Wei Chen called out to him, and Steamed Bun also uploaded his video.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun had been the sixth player in yesterday’s team competition. By the time he came out, the match was already over. He didn’t make any crazy plays, but even so, he had enough moments to make a beautiful video.</p>
    <p>“Another one, another one…”</p>
    <p>The Glory community was astonished. They felt like they had grasped Happy’s thoughts. Who on Happy would be next?</p>
    <p>But the others on Happy weren’t the type to blindly join in. They had some fun observing what all the commotion was about, but that was it. Then, they took their own videos and carefully hid them away. Because of their understanding of their teammates, even if they didn’t upload them, they couldn’t rule out the possibility of those three from doing it for them.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately for Luo Ji, by the time he realized it, it was too late.</p>
    <p>“Let me help you!” Steamed Bun’s devotion to righteousness inspired reverence. He took Luo Ji’s video and uploaded it.</p>
    <p>“NO!” Luo Ji hastily tried to stop him.</p>
    <p>But it was futile to think that Luo Ji could overpower Steamed Bun in real life.</p>
    <p>“There’s no need to be polite,” Steamed Bun blocked Luo Ji with one hand, while uploading Luo Ji’s video with the other.</p>
    <p>“Sure enough!”</p>
    <p>The Glory community had been waiting for Happy’s fourth video.</p>
    <p>“It’s from Bao Rongxing again?” Everyone was slightly surprised, but when they saw the video, they saw that it was Luo Ji’s Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji hadn’t played last night, but he had been the star of the first game with Tyranny. It had given the Alliance quite a bit of trouble. They weren’t sure if they should give him MVP of the match in the team competition.</p>
    <p>They could give it to him, but he didn’t actually have any eye-catching moments in combat. They could choose not to, but that match had been decided by him single-handedly. In the end, the MVP title for the team competition was given to Luo Ji. Without him, Happy would not have won so decisively. This was the reasoning given by the broadcast.</p>
    <p>The video showed Luo Ji creating that decisive play in the team competition.</p>
    <p>In the lonely depths of the forest, Concealed Light wandered around, ordering his summons around. The bustling scene all around, along with the accompanying music, made for a fun watch.</p>
    <p>“Amazing!” Players typed out in the comments below. It had undoubtedly been a brilliant play. There was not a single mistake. The work done by the summons was like a symphony.</p>
    <p>The people wanted more. The video-sharing site received a spike in users. Countless people were refreshing for Happy’s next video.</p>
    <p>But there was none.</p>
    <p>The others had hidden away their videos, refusing to let Fang Rui, Wei Chen, or Steamed Bun do as they pleased with them. The video uploads stopped there.</p>
    <p>After a night of hard work, this was what he came up with? Seeing Fang Rui and the others pester Qiao Yifan and An Wenyi to upload their videos, Chen Guo continued to be speechless.</p>
    <p>But she could at least feel that the team was in a much better mood compared to last night. Everyone was in high spirits as they watched these videos.</p>
    <p>Afterwards, now that everyone was up, Ye Xiu said the words that Chen Guo was wondering why he didn’t say it. He added another sentence after “We can only keep moving forward.”</p>
    <p>“Let’s watch today’s match tonight.”</p>
    <p>Tonight’s match was Samsara versus Tiny Herb. The winner would move onto the finals. But seeing where they would be watching it, Chen Guo was surprised. Ye Xiu said that they were going to watch the match, but he had never mentioned that they would be watching it with Tyranny…</p>
    <p>They would soon be going into a fight to the death. Wouldn’t it be awkward gathering together now?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo felt somewhat uncomfortable and talked very carefully. When she looked at the others on Happy, she saw that the rookies looked somewhat uncomfortable too. It was only Ye Xiu and the other experienced players who were at ease, especially Fang Rui. He was having a good time chatting with his old friend, Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>Why’d we need to watch it with Tyranny? Chen Guo tried to understand. She felt like there was some purpose to it, but it wasn’t convenient to ask Ye Xiu right now.</p>
    <p>The match began.</p>
    <p>“I’m betting on Samsara winning. Does anyone on Tyranny dare to bet against me?” Wei Chen asked arrogantly.</p>
    <p>“We favor Samsara too,” Zhang Xinjie replied.</p>
  </body>
</html>
