<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 199 – The Escape Member: Concealed Light</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 199 – The Escape Member: Concealed Light</h1>
    <p>Concealed Light and Steamed Bun Invasion weren’t friends. It was just that when he found that Steamed Bun Invasion had run onto a route where he would be quickly discovered, his auto-correct function activated and autonomously shouted out.</p>
    <p>“Okay, then where should I run to?” Steamed Bun Invasion immediately returned.</p>
    <p>“Over here.” Concealed Light continued to lead the way.</p>
    <p>“Where are you guys meeting up at?” Concealed Light asked. He might as well just send him there.</p>
    <p>“I dunno.” Steamed Bun Invasion said bluntly.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light seemed to have stumbled on the flat ground. It looked as if he had accidentally pressed the crouch command. In that instant, his finger had clearly touched the wrong key.</p>
    <p>“If you don’t know, then where are we running to?” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“How should I know? You’re the one leading.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light coughed up blood: “You say a place and I’ll bring you there.”</p>
    <p>“Wait! Let me ask!” Steamed Bun Invasion sent a message to Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>“Where are you right now?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Hades Village.”</p>
    <p>“What? You’re still there? Have you escaped yet?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Not yet.”</p>
    <p>“How many pursuers are there?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Uh… let me ask.” Steamed Bun Invasion replied.</p>
    <p>Ask? Ye Xiu was confused.</p>
    <p>‘Hey, how many players are over there?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked the lead, Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>“How should I know? It’s not like they’re chasing me. Maybe a dozen or so!” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“A dozen.” Steamed Bun Invasion answered Ye Xiu’s question.</p>
    <p>“How’d you find out?” Ye Xiu had a hard time understanding.</p>
    <p>“I met a bro at the bottom of a well and he told me.” Steamed Bun Invasion replied.</p>
    <p>A bro at the bottom of a well? Ye Xiu was getting more and more confused, but thinking of Steamed Bun Invasion’s brain, he didn’t ask to find out.</p>
    <p>“Come to Congee Forest!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Glory’s map didn’t only consist of uninterrupted leveling areas. There were also quite a few commonplace transition maps. Similar to the numerous villages scattered around the outskirts of Congee City, these places were mostly used for quests.</p>
    <p>Congee Forest was this type of place. Outside of Congee City, it was a forest close to Line Canyon. When there weren’t players there for quests, it was even more empty than those small villages.</p>
    <p>“We’re meeting up at Congee Forest.” Steamed Bun Invasion quickly reported to Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>“Here!” Concealed Light immediately figured out which direction to go in. Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t say anything further and directly followed behind him.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light felt a bit lonely as well as confused.</p>
    <p>Isn’t this Steamed Bun Invasion too simple? It’s not like we know each other, how could he just follow along without even asking who I am?</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was puzzled over this question, but more importantly: he wanted to obtain approval. Every one of the guides Concealed Light had published had been seen by readers as nonsense, making him feel very angry. His guides were all correct. Why did those people say his guides were unrealistic? Why weren’t they saying their skill wasn’t good enough?</p>
    <p>At this moment, he was leading Steamed Bun Invasion away from the pursuers with ease. Yet this Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t even asking him how he could do it. Concealed Light felt very lonesome. He finally couldn’t take it anymore: “Do you know why we have to run this way?”</p>
    <p>“Why?” Steamed Bun Invasion blurted out.</p>
    <p>“Because the pursuers are around five coordinates away from us. By going in this direction, the positions of those five coordinates behind us are held by four houses that are blocking their view. If we went that direction you were previously going along, they’d have been able to find you in less than 10 seconds.” Concealed Light happily explained. He was looking forward to Steamed Bun Invasion’s next question. For example: how did you know that they were five coordinates behind.</p>
    <p>“Oh.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light’s fingers went astray again. This time it was his right hand. He accidentally left-clicked and he waved his magic rod.</p>
    <p>“So you’re saying that the people behind us aren’t able to see where we’re going?” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Yes! Yes! The following routes I’m going to bring you along will all make the pursuers unable to figure out where we are. This is why we’re able to shrug them off so easily.” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“But it looks like there are people in front of us.” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly said.</p>
    <p>“In front?” Concealed Light looked forward but didn’t see anyone.</p>
    <p>“I heard footsteps. My 1.5 hearing.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>1.5 hearing……. Concealed Light was confused, but at this moment, just as Steamed Bun Invasion said, a player suddenly jumped out from behind a rock.</p>
    <p>“Maybe he’s just passing by…… If he’s with those guys behind us, then our position’s been exposed. From the route those guys will choose to take, we should…….”</p>
    <p>“Kill him!” Steamed Bun Invasion had already gone up to kill him.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, the person behind the rock wasn’t some passerby. When he saw Steamed Bun invasion, he immediately took out his sword and rushed forward, a Blade Master.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light had no choice but to enter the battle as well. As he moved, he began muttering: “Brawlers and Blade Masters have mid-ranged CC skills. Both sides will need some time to close in on each other. Since they will restrict each other, I should summon after going around the Blade Master, to his rear. Brawlers have Brick Buster and Sand Toss, two mid-ranged skilled. If the skills are used one after the other, then he can control the Blade Master for ten seconds. With my movement speed, I can only choose to head towards the 10 o’clock position. Even though I’ll be somewhat close to the Blade Master, there’s a stone wall over there, which can be used to block the Blade Master’s Sword Draw, so I won’t actually be in his attack range. Then, once I get behind the wall, I’ll be behind the Blade Master. First, I’ll summon Thunder Spirit, the Stun effect from the attack can be used to match with the Brawler’s……”</p>
    <p>“Hey! What are you muttering?” Steamed Bun Invasion heard Concealed Light whispering something, but couldn’t hear clearly. While he asked, he rushed forward, sending a Brick flying forward.</p>
    <p>“F*ck! How can you waste your Brick like that!” Concealed Light saw this scene and immediately shouted.</p>
    <p>“So what?” Steamed Bun Invasion replied to him and used the opportunity to close in while the opponent was dodging. This Blade Master wasn’t weak. After dodging the Brick, he drew his sword: “Sword Draw”.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion rolled to dodge the sword light and reached in front of the Blade Master. He raised his hands and used an Uppercut.</p>
    <p>The Blade Master moved back and dodged. He then followed up with a Lunge to counterattack. This guy had clearly spent a few skill points on this skill. This skill no longer made only two stabs, but four.</p>
    <p>Four sword lights stabbed forth towards Steamed Bun Invasion. As each one flew forward, Steamed Bun Invasion leapt back. The sword tips flashed in front of him, but never hit. At this moment, Steamed Bun Invasion swung his hand and threw a Sand Toss at him.</p>
    <p>Sand Toss was considered a Magic Attack, so the Blade Master’s Guard had no effect, but the low damage skill could be endured as long as he wasn’t blinded.</p>
    <p>This Blade Master didn’t dodge this Sand Toss and instead, turned his head towards a different direction. At the same time, he followed up with an attack and a Triple Slash headed towards Steamed Bun Invasion. Just with this skill, it could be seen that this Blade Master wasn’t ordinary.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light predicted that the two sides wouldn’t meet each other in close combat for ten seconds, but Steamed Bun Invasion used a Brick and a forward roll to directly close in on the opponent. Concealed Light was still going forward with his original plan, but while he was going around, because of Steamed Bun Invasion’s Sand Toss, the Blade Master’s head suddenly turned to his direction, catching him.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light panicked, but saw that the Blade Master’s sword was still aimed at Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion had used this instant to complete his movement. When the Blade Master’s Triple Slash flew past, Steamed Bun Invasion lifted his hand and clawed, clasping onto the Blade Master’s throat, pushing him into the wall.</p>
    <p>Knee Strike, Slap, Inject Poison……</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion ignored the Blade Master’s struggling and used the time while the opponent’s defense was reduced from the Strangle to quickly send a few attacks forward.</p>
    <p>After the Strangle finished, Steamed Bun Invasion floated to the side of the Blade Master’s body and accurately smashed a Brick into the Blade Master’s head, inducing a Dizzy effect. Steamed Bun Invasion smoothly Applied Poison to his weapon and followed up with a Combo. The Blade Master was trapped against the wall and had no way of escaping. Any place he tried to dodge to was met by a block from Steamed Bun Invasion. The two sides traded health, but clearly, Steamed Bun Invasion had the advantage.</p>
    <p>Not long after, Steamed Bun Invasion took down half of the Blade Master’s life and beat the Blade Master into the wall. The Blade Master’s life continued to drop until he fell. Steamed Bun Invasion looked around and saw that Concealed Light was jumping again and again behind a broken-down wall and crashing into it.</p>
    <p>“Bro, what are you doing? Are you trying to rape that wall?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was extremely gloomy. He just wanted to jump onto the wall, but the wall was a bit tall and with his jumping strength, he had to grasp the distance and timing in order to succeed. But as he was trying, unknowingly, that Blade Master had already been defeated by Steamed Bun Invasion, yet he still hadn’t jumped onto the wall.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and run. They’re here.” By the time they finished killing the Blade Master, the pursuers finally appeared in their view and were quickly catching up.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light didn’t try and fight with the wall anymore and quickly went around it.</p>
    <p>“Which way?’ Steamed Bun Invasion asked.</p>
    <p>“Uh, over here……” After seeing where those pursuers were coming from, Concealed Light continued to lead the way. Except this time, he was no longer as proud as before.</p>
    <p>“You have really weird tastes. What astrological sign are you?” This time, Steamed Bun Invasion took the initiative to ask.</p>
  </body>
</html>
