<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 666: Ineffective High Level Skills</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 666: Ineffective High Level Skills</h1>
    <p>Translator:  Editor:</p>
    <p>Lord Grim disappeared from view after turning the corner of the street. In the end, Loulan Slash’s group didn’t follow him any longer.</p>
    <p>“Let’s just provide him with the information he wants!” Loulan Slash said angrily.</p>
    <p>“Information is information. You’d better not keep acting like a child.” Seeing that there was no one else around them, the other four immediately warned him mercilessly.</p>
    <p>I’ve been tainted!</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash looked up at the sky, wanting to cry. Today really had been a disgraceful day. He had been killed in the middle of his allies and acted like someone’s b*tch in front of everyone else. He really wanted to find a hole and bury himself in it!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had Lord Grim hurry ahead. After chasing Deception for so long, he had a good idea of Deception’s movement speed. He was confident that he would be able to reach the teleport formation and intercept him. Of course, the prerequisite was that he had to take the correct path. There were simply too many factors in this game. Whether it was in the wild, a city, or a dungeon, Ye Xiu couldn’t say he was very familiar with all the terrain.</p>
    <p>However, with the help of the in-game map, Ye Xiu wouldn’t make such a low-leveled mistake like making the wrong turn. Soon, Darkness City’s teleport formation entered his range of view. There was still no updates as to where Deception’s current location was.</p>
    <p>Deception hadn’t gotten anything from his trip to the marketplace. Afterwards, he made an all out effort to rush to the teleport formation. No one liked wasting time traveling, so the faster they ran the better. As a result, the Heavenly Justice players on the lookout for Deception quickly lost him. They couldn’t keep up!</p>
    <p>“I hope he doesn’t go somewhere else……” Ye Xiu muttered. After looking at the map, Lord Grim found a suitable location to camp. Over here, he could see all three possible routes Deception could take and it wasn’t conspicuous either.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu not being familiar with the terrain didn’t hinder him from using the terrain to his advantage. He surveyed the terrain and utilized it accordingly, treating it as if it were an away match.</p>
    <p>“He should be here soon.” Ye Xiu looked at the time. If Deception were rushing over, Ye Xiu should be able to see him anytime now. He had Lord Grim look around, but there was no sign of Deception approaching.</p>
    <p>Maybe he isn’t coming this way?</p>
    <p>Maybe he’s just slow?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought, but he didn’t leave the spot. After waiting for awhile longer, a figure could be seen sprinting along one of the three routes.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu readied Lord Grim to act at any moment. Soon, the name on that figure could be seen clearly. It was really was Deception. His running speed even felt a bit slow in Ye Xiu’s eyes.</p>
    <p>Deception didn’t seem to be aware that there was danger hidden nearby. He was just like a normal player passing by. He didn’t look around to see if there was anything unusual around him. When he arrived at the end of the street, he ran straight for the teleport formation.</p>
    <p>“Bang!”</p>
    <p>A gunshot rang out.</p>
    <p>During this time of war, a single gunshot was insignificant. They were outside of the city, so there were skills and curses flying around everywhere. The players who were online were pretty much used to this environment. However, this gunshot was loud and clear to Deception.</p>
    <p>He deserved to be an infamous scrap picker. Deception had actually noticed the shot was aimed at him. He stepped to the side and the bullet whizzed past him.</p>
    <p>“Not bad!”</p>
    <p>After hearing this remark, Deception saw a top-heavy bottom-light creature jump in front of his character. This creature’s appearance was too eye-catching. Even Deception couldn’t help but be drawn to it before he noticed the character’s ID: Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Deception had played the game for many years already. He had been in constant danger throughout his career. He wasn’t just any ordinary scrap picker. Most scrap pickers didn’t survive after scrap picking. For them, the longer they lived, the more items they could pick up. Deception valued his life very much. There were a lot of scrap picking opportunities in the fights between the top guilds, and Deception obviously took advantage of these opportunities. Thus, he had seen many in-game experts before. However, he had never met anyone as skilled as Lord Grim before. Deception didn’t have much confidence in a real 1v1 fight with him.</p>
    <p>Now that he had been targeted by him, Deception panicked a bit, but the teleport formation was just up ahead. As long as he could get there, he would be able to leave Darkness City. Lord Grim definitely wouldn’t know where he would be heading either. Since he wasn’t planning on fighting a life-or-death match, Deception was just going to charge his way past Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>He didn’t say anything and focused on escaping. He started with a Shadow Clone Technique. It would be best to create a gap between them before doing anything else.</p>
    <p>His clone was left behind as his real body instantly moved ahead, but instead of seeing a clear path ahead, he saw a poof of smoke in front of him.</p>
    <p>“Shadow Clone Technique? I can do that too!” The other side didn’t seem to need to see clearly as he attacked him.</p>
    <p>Deception hastily jumped backwards. The other side did a flip and began to fire bullets at him. Deception was quick though. He swung his ninja blade and guarded against the bullets.</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was flung open. Deception had just wiped some sweat off his face when he heard another bang. The tip of the umbrella lit up, shooting three missiles at him.</p>
    <p>A missile’s attack range…… was far greater than a spear’s. Using a dagger to block it just wasn’t going to happen. Guarding would be a pointless action.</p>
    <p>But what other option did Deception have?</p>
    <p>He had none. Being able to put the dagger in front of his body to block the missile was already quite impressive. How could he have known that, in that short amount of time, the other side would strike him with a sword, stab with him a spear, and shoot him with missiles?</p>
    <p>The explosion from the Anti-Tank Missiles engulfed Deception. The shockwave threw Deception into a wall.</p>
    <p>There were two other players fighting below the wall! They weren’t too surprised seeing someone get blasted over here, but when they glanced at him, they noticed he didn’t have a guild tag above his head. He was by himself, so they ignored him.</p>
    <p>Deception slid down the wall. When he thought back on what had just happened, not only did his Shadow Clone Technique not get him any closer to the teleport formation, it had actually caused him to end up farther away.</p>
    <p>Directly use a high-leveled skill!</p>
    <p>Deception immediately began forming the hand seals for Shadow Dance.</p>
    <p>He saw that there was still some distance between him and Lord Grim. He felt like even with those long-range attacks, he would be able to complete the seals in time.</p>
    <p>One advantage of playing as a ninja was that forming seals didn’t affect their movement speed. Even the Elementalist’s “Mobile Cast” reduced the Elementalist’s movement speed drastically when it was used.</p>
    <p>Ninjas didn’t need to worry about such life threatening danger. Deception’s hands and legs moved in a blur. He dodged left and right. He also hoped Lord Grim’s attacks would hit other players.</p>
    <p>But how could Ye Xiu make such rookie mistakes? Even so, because of this, his long-ranged attacks weren’t as effective as he wanted them to be. He wasn’t able to interrupt Deception’s hand seals.</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu - Shadow Dance!</p>
    <p>Deception instantly split into ten clones. All of them moved as if they were real, but when Deception turned around, where had Lord Grim disappeared to? F*ck! Lord Grim had ignored his clones. He ran straight to the teleport formation as if he were planning on guarding the entrance.</p>
    <p>Would that work?</p>
    <p>Deception didn’t think so. The closer Lord Grim was to the teleport formation, the more advantageous it was for him. With so many clones rushing towards him, he doubted Lord Grim had the ability to block all ten of them. As long as one made it over, wouldn’t he be fine?</p>
    <p>Deception thought of this and planned on having all of his clones swarm over, but in that instant, he suddenly realized, how did all of my clones get attacked?</p>
    <p>“Tsk tsk tsk, it seems like you’re not experienced enough.” Lord Grim’s voice rang.</p>
    <p>Deception was depressed! When his Shadow Dance finished and his clones beautifully spread apart, the surrounding players had misunderstood.</p>
    <p>With so many clones around them, how could they not defend against them?</p>
    <p>As a result, they attacked them before saying anything. For that one moment, Deception had become everyone’s enemy. The surrounding players just attacked whatever clone was nearby. Deception had wanted Lord Grim to aggro everyone with his long-ranged attacks. Who would have thought that he would be the one to aggro everyone with his Shadow Dance.</p>
    <p>Deception wasn’t the type of person who would try to explain the situation. Even if he did, no one would believe him. He immediately had his clones charge towards the teleport formation and ignored the surrounding players.</p>
    <p>There were just too many enemies, which made it difficult for Deception to handle. Ye Xiu wasn’t going to play nice either. Just as Deception was having a hard time, Lord Grim attacked. He sent one flying away with a Falling Flower Palm, threw another one with a Fling, Repelled a different one far away. He always attacked whenever Deception had openings. Shortly aftewards, Deception soon discovered something... where did all of my clones go? With this distance…...</p>
    <p>Pu pu pu pu pu…….</p>
    <p>Half of his clones went poof. Lord Grim had scattered them too far apart. No matter which Heart he chose, they wouldn’t be able to cover the entire situation.</p>
    <p>To think his Shadow Dance would be broken just like that. Deception still wanted to try with the remaining half, but he immediately realized that it wouldn’t work!</p>
    <p>If the remaining half of shadow clones rushed forward one after the other, Lord Grim would have enough time to send them flying away one at a time again. If they had rushed forward in a swarm, the skill’s duration would run out before the strategy would be a success!</p>
    <p>And just like this, Shadow Dance became useless.</p>
  </body>
</html>
