<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1305: A Long-Awaited Scene</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1305: A Long-Awaited Scene</h1>
    <p>Using a Qi Blade, Fang Rui's Boundless Sea interrupted the contention for number one between the two generations without any hesitation. The countless players and reporters, who were interested in it, immediately started cursing.</p>
    <p>Qi Blade wasn't easy to notice even when facing it head on. As a sneak attack, even the number one player wasn't able to notice it. However, this was a team competition. Zhou Zekai hadn't noticed it, but others had.</p>
    <p>The instant Jiang Botao gave the warning in the team chat, Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer dodged. One person's warning and another person's movements coordinated beautifully.</p>
    <p>But with this opening, how could Lord Grim not seize it to close in onto Cloud Piercer? People realized that Ye Xiu and Fang Rui were also coordinating with each other, and it had probably been planned beforehand. While everyone was overjoyed at seeing a fight between Ye Xiu and Zhou Zekai, Ye Xiu and Fang Rui conspired together and formed a pincer attack on Zhou Zekai.</p>
    <p>The contention for number one and a qualified challenger were truly exciting topics, but did the players on stage care?</p>
    <p>Just when these two formed a pincer attack onto Cloud Piercer, Samsara's Jiang Botao hurried over. The 1v1 that everyone had been hoping for didn't happen. The two had only just seen each other before everything turned into a mess. Lord Grim was currently interrupting Jiang Botao's Empty Waves from casting a formation, while Cloud Piercer was blocking the dirty sneak attack from Fang Rui's Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>The fight between the two sides had started all-around, but Happy's more prepared utilization of the terrain gave them a certain advantage. Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain was a troublesome existence for Samsara, and the only one who could keep her in check was Cloud Piercer, who Fang Rui and Ye Xiu had intercepted. Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash rushed over to provide support, and An Wenyi's Little Cold Hands stood beside him with his cross raised. The silver Holy Contract radiated with holy light as he chanted. This seemed to be his first time supporting his team in a direct conflict. An Wenyi was a bit excited. Could he finally participate in a team battle outright in the open? Before this, the situation always needed to be set up in a certain way before he could do anything, and Ye Xiu didn't hold back in telling him the reason.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was Happy's weakness. His technical skill was poor. Everyone in the Glory scene knew that. Believing in one's own lies wasn't something a logical person like An Wenyi did. Ye Xiu also trusted in his personality and didn't feel the need to keep his skill level a secret. Cleanly pointing it out would help him grow faster.</p>
    <p>Reality was as such. An Wenyi was always clear where his shortcomings were and always consciously worked on improving them. The only thing restricting him was probably his talent. His rate of improvement seemed to be very slow, and he couldn't help but worry about his future.</p>
    <p>However, Team Happy's actions wiped away this worry.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was extremely confident right now. He was certain he would definitely become qualified to be the lifeline supporting the team. He wouldn't be like before and sometimes become the bait for the team's tactics.</p>
    <p>Cast. Small Heal.</p>
    <p>Even though Little Cold Hand's equipment didn't stack cast speed, Small Heal was a low-level skill, so the cast time was short anyways, and it was quickly cast.</p>
    <p>Holy light flew out and converged onto Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Crit!</p>
    <p>The high crit rate didn't let him down. After a switch of equipment, the very first skill Little Cold Hands used had crit.</p>
    <p>The holy light surrounding Lord Grim looked to be brighter than usual. His health immediately went up a notch.　　</p>
    <p>That feels so good!</p>
    <p>For a healer, nothing was more satisfying than watching a health bar go up. The others felt a thrill watching their attacks deal damage, but Clerics felt a thrill watching their skills heal.</p>
    <p>The bigger the heal, the more satisfying it felt. And this was just a Small Heal, and not a huge one.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi calmly observed the battlefield, waiting for a chance to use a high-level skill. When he had been adjusting to his new character, that sort of leap almost made his heart jump out. In real combat, in a fight, a leap in health meant a nullification of all the hard work the opponent had put in. This was the type of attack only healers could do, a spiritual blow to the opponents.</p>
    <p>Come!</p>
    <p>The always logical An Wenyi couldn't hold back his excitement. He had been holding it back for too long. He had been waiting for this day, this moment for too long.</p>
    <p>Which side?</p>
    <p>An Wenyi looked left and right, searching for an area that needed his support.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf and Chaotic Cloudy Mountains climbed out of the ditch and entered the fray. Samsara's healer Fang Minghua and his Cleric Laughing Song looked to be in a position symmetrical to Little Cold Hands. He was also in position, waiting for a side that required his assistance.　　</p>
    <p>This was a battle between healers! How exhilarating! An Wenyi saw Laughing Song across from him. The other side seemed to have noticed him too. The hot bloodedness in his mind couldn't help but surge forth again.</p>
    <p>There!</p>
    <p>An Wewnyi suddenly found an opportunity. However, that side didn't require any healing. If he placed a Sacred Fire there, would he be able to restrict One Autumn Leaf's mobility?</p>
    <p>Ah! This side too!</p>
    <p>Or maybe I should Hypnotize Empty Waves?</p>
    <p>Would I be noticed though? Little Cold Hands had a slow casting speed. Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer could interrupt his cast with just a single bullet.</p>
    <p>Maybe I should cast a Sacred Fire first! An Wenyi made up his mind, but...　　</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf suddenly swept outwards with his spear. After finding an opening, he took a step and attacked Little Cold Hands with a Dragon Breaks the Ranks.</p>
    <p>The distance isn't enough!</p>
    <p>The first thing An Wenyi noticed was that Dragon Breaks the Ranks wouldn't be enough for One Autumn Leaf to fully close in onto him. But this surprise attack had still drastically increased the threat towards him.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi didn't panic.</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire!　</p>
    <p>He had originally planned on using this skill to decrease One Autumn Leaf's mobility, but One Autumn Leaf broke off from the fight first. The Sacred Fire was still sent towards him nonetheless.　　</p>
    <p>Under the light of Holy Contract, the pale flames slid out from it. One Autumn Leaf had only been five units away, so the Sacred Fire was bound to be within his path. The spell had been timed to the extreme. But the instant the pale flames leapt up and it looked as if One Autumn Leaf would step on them, One Autumn Leaf leaped into the air.</p>
    <p>Frightening reaction speed and extraordinary technical skill were all things An Wenyi lacked, but at this moment, Sun Xiang displayed these traits beautifully. It was just an instant, but Sun Xiang was able to react in time.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks was forcefully cancelled, but because he had jumped, the momentum carried him high into the air.　　</p>
    <p>Shattering the Lands!</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf's Evil Annihilation danced in the air. Under the gloomy backdrop, the flickering black light looked even crueler.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was still engrossed in what had just happened. How he envied Sun Xiang's reaction speed and technique! It was only an instant later, and One Autumn Leaf was coming down with a Shattering the Lands!</p>
    <p>An Wenyi's reaction speed had always been his weakness. The attack itself was a large AoE move. Where could he dodge to?　　</p>
    <p>He had nowhere to dodge, and he had no attack that could stop Shattering the Lands. Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash was close to Little Cold Hands, but he had no way of helping because this attack could not be blocked!</p>
    <p>Boom!　</p>
    <p>Magic waves rippled and shook the earth.</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash promptly jumped out of harm's way, but Little Cold Hands wasn't even able to take three steps before the spreading shockwave landed.</p>
    <p>No one could block the attack, but they could always rescue him after it.</p>
    <p>An X-1 Extruder launched from Dancing Rain's cannon towards Little Cold Hands. Anyone in its vicinity would be pulled away.</p>
    <p>This sort of protection was only temporary. Getting the healer to safety required constant defense. Starting from Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf breaking through, Samsara held the initiative because Happy needed to maintain a certain distance from their target of protection.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Fang Rui weren't able to continue fighting on the other side. They needed to shrink their defensive zone to protect their healer.　</p>
    <p>Random Firing!</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai seized this timing to fire a burst of attacks. Bullets shot out from his dual guns and under his extraordinary control, nearly every bullet threatened Lord Grim and Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>This wave of attacks stopped the two from retreating, using a strong offense as a defense.　</p>
    <p>Empty Waves began casting a wave formation!　　</p>
    <p>"Interrupt!"</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu called out in the chat. This wave formation could not be allowed to be summoned. Lord Grim raised his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella and used its shield form to block Cloud Piercer's attacks. Fang Rui's Boundless Sea went into the cover provided by the umbrella and let out an attack towards Empty Waves.</p>
    <p>Samsara's offensive had been repeatedly thwarted by Happy's players, but finally, Lu Boyuan found an opening to act.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountains flipped his palms...</p>
    <p>Grapplers didn't have long-ranged attacks, and there was no one near him. However, the movements he made made An Wenyi's heart leap.</p>
    <p>This was… the Qi Master skill, Cloud Grasping Fist!</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountains was a Fighter class, so a skill of the same class could be added to his weapon. And in this match, he chose Cloud Grasping Fist. In order to target Happy's weak point, had this been an arrangement they had planned from the start?</p>
    <p>An Wenyi wanted to dodge, but he immediately discovered that Sun Xiang had his eyes completely fixed on him.</p>
    <p>With Dancing Rain's X-1 Extruder flying over, One Autumn Leaf wasn't able to press closer for now, but if Little Cold Hands moved, he would be outside of X-1 Extruder's protection, and One Autumn Leaf would instantly start attacking.</p>
    <p>Samsara's teamwork put him in a helpless position. An Wenyi felt despair. However, the moment Chaotic Cloudy Mountains sneak attacked with Cloud Grasping Fist, a character stood in front of him.</p>
    <p>Phantom Demon, One Inch Ash.</p>
  </body>
</html>
