<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1469 - This Is The Strategy</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1469 - This Is The Strategy</h1>
    <p>Seeing Yu Wenzhou send this message in the chat, Xiaochuan Stadium was suddenly filled with thunderous applause.</p>
    <p>When Huang Shaotian’s valiant Formless Phantom Blade was broken by the opponent like that, never mind the players on the field, even the watching audience couldn’t help but feel unsettled.</p>
    <p>But now, one sentence from their captain was enough to reassure everyone.</p>
    <p>That was right!</p>
    <p>It was nothing more than dodging one attack. No matter how clever the method was, the final result wasn’t anything special. It was simply a dodge.</p>
    <p>It was like kicking a goal in soccer. There would always be those super-difficult, inimitable shots, but with regards to the match itself, no matter how exciting, it was only one goal and one point, nothing more.</p>
    <p>Don’t pay it too much mind. Keep your spirits up.</p>
    <p>Even the Blue Rain fans watching from off the field understood the meaning of their captain’s words.</p>
    <p>The Chaotic Rain splashed upon the ground, and even Ye Xiu couldn’t continue to control his character under the Confused state. He could only try to get out of the skill’s range as early as he could.</p>
    <p>“Sorry,” Su Mucheng said in Happy’s chat.</p>
    <p>Swoksaar didn’t have any close-range opponents covering him, and she was the only one who could have used an attack to disrupt him. But she hadn’t noticed the casting of this Chaotic Rain. From a certain angle, it could be called her mistake.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry,” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>He didn’t have any intent of blaming anyone. The Launcher had the longest attack range of any class, and often had the ability to target any opponent during a battle. But did that mean that every attack interrupt would be left to the responsibility of the Launcher? Of course not.</p>
    <p>Even a Warlock, a character that was important to target and interrupt, could not always be interrupted in this kind of chaotic battle.</p>
    <p>“Leave him to me!” Fang Rui shouted in the chat.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain was avoiding the location occupied by Fang Rui, and by this time, they had spread outside of the gale area, trying to go as far away as possible. Fang Rui felt a bit sad leaving behind his advantage, but right now Boundless Sea didn’t serve any purpose by staying in the wind area, so he also controlled Boundless Sea to travel with the wind and flew like a shooting star toward Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>“Huh, how come you’re not crawling anymore?” At this moment, a message from Steamed Bun suddenly appeared in the match chat.</p>
    <p>What?</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s players all had a double-take. What was that supposed to mean?</p>
    <p>And then, very soon, they saw Fang Rui reply, “Crawl your face!”</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>Everyone was shocked. Steamed Bun’s mockery didn’t discriminate between friend and foe? He would mock even his own teammate?</p>
    <p>But while Happy’s two players bickered, their characters on the battlefield were cooperating. Steamed Bun Invasion, currently fighting Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud, suddenly turned and tried to leave. Lu Hanwen, of course, wouldn’t let him go easily, but Lord Grim, who had managed to escape from the Chaotic Rain, was just passing by. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella waved, and with a clang, it parried Flowing Cloud’s attack.</p>
    <p>Guard!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim used the Blade Master skill Guard. Flowing Cloud’s Silver weapon Flame Shadow was extremely heavy, so his attacks had much knockback. After Lord Grim blocked, the force of the attack sent him crashing in the direction of Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“What a mistake!” Pan Lin shouted, as the two characters slammed into each other.</p>
    <p>Players on the same team couldn’t harm each other, but because Lord Grim was sent flying by the force of Flowing Cloud’s attack, this crash was considered an attack. It wouldn’t have been a big deal if the opponent had purposely used knock back to blow the opponent away, but this was Ye Xiu controlling Lord Grim to voluntarily help cover Steamed Bun Invasion. Flowing Cloud had hit two birds with one stone, which was truly somewhat embarrassing.</p>
    <p>“No, wait!” But at this moment, Li Yibo suddenly shouted.</p>
    <p>After being hit, Steamed Bun Invasion staggered, but because of it, his charge suddenly accelerated. He and Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea were trying to use a pincer strike against Swoksaar, but because their plan was obvious, Blue Rain was already on the defensive. Yu Wenzhou was paying attention to the movement speeds of the two characters, and Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain was already opening fire to block Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan chose to block Steamed Bun because he saw that Boundless Sea was still in the wind zone, and attacks in that direction would be affected. Originally, it had all been calculated very clearly, including Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud catching up from behind to coordinate and close in. but in the end, because Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim passed by, it was all blown to pieces.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion, with a sudden burst of speed, broke through Bullet Rain’s cover. Yu Wenzhou, who had been controlling Swoksaar to change positions, was clearly unprepared for this abrupt change.</p>
    <p>“Prepare your face!” Steamed Bun once again gave a shout before attacking. Steamed Bun Invasion arrived in front of Swoksaar and threw a Sand Toss his way.</p>
    <p>What Yu Wenzhou feared the most was such moments of unpreparedness.</p>
    <p>His awareness, reaction, judgment, they were all sufficient to respond to whatever happened. But always, in the last moment, when it was time to turn his awareness and reaction into controls, he was too slow.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou had long since grown accustomed to this awkwardness. He was unperturbed, and already began calculating for what would happen after he was hit.</p>
    <p>But this time…</p>
    <p>A gold-colored shield of light suddenly surrounded Swoksaar. Steamed Bun Invasion’s Sand Toss, after hitting this shield, was swallowed into nothing. Swoksaar didn’t take any damage, nor did he lose his sight.</p>
    <p>Holy Shield Technique!</p>
    <p>The Paladin skill.</p>
    <p>When Yu Wenzhou was faced with a situation he couldn’t handle, his teammates knew as well. Xu Jingxi didn’t begrudge using his skill, and Soul Speaker cast Holy Shield Technique to protect Swoksaar within.</p>
    <p>Unlike the Qi Master’s Qi Guard, which didn’t move once cast, Holy Shield Technique was a protection centered around a character and would move with the character’s movements.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou was already in the process of dodging in the aftermath of the attack, but with this Holy Shield Technique, his controls went more smoothly.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou didn’t slow down as a result of this. The Holy Shield Technique was equivalent to giving a character some extra health; it couldn’t completely block all of the opponent’s skills. For example, some of the Grappler’s grab attacks would throw the character along with the Holy Shield Technique; it wasn’t like the golden shield would prevent the grab.</p>
    <p>So Swoksaar still had to dodge. Yu Wenzhou couldn’t let his character be controlled by the opponent.</p>
    <p>As for where he would go, Yu Wenzhou had already calculated. There was no safe zone in a battle, of course, so he wanted to go in a direction where it was convenient for Blue Rain’s players and characters to support him. As for where Steamed Bun might intercept him, he swiftly calculated those as well.</p>
    <p>Here!</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou chose a direction that was inconvenient for Steamed Bun and was good for cooperation with the Blue Rain players. But Steamed Bun’s view didn’t even glance his way – he just continued charging straight forward.</p>
    <p>What was he doing now?</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou didn’t understand Steamed Bun’s plot, but it also didn’t interfere with his own escape, so even though he didn’t understand, it was better for him to first just get as far away as he could. Swoksaar dodged to the side, and Steamed Bun Invasion really didn’t attack him at all, he just passed right by Swoksaar just like that.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou’s heart jumped as he suddenly realized something. Alarmed, Swoksaar turned around, pulling his camera view, and as expected…</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was charging straight. Over there, Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea had adjusted his movement direction. The true target of these two’s pincer attack wasn’t Swoksaar, but Soul Speaker, Blue Rain’s healer!</p>
    <p>The audience members with the omniscient view didn’t react much faster than Yu Wenzhou. It wasn’t until the thing actually happened that there were shouts of surprise.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo’s brain just wasn’t enough.</p>
    <p>He had started as a pro player, playing in countless real battles. Later, he became a professional commentator, watching countless battles.</p>
    <p>But in Li Yibo’s memory, there had never before been a match where the rhythm was this fast. How long had this battle lasted so far? It had barely been a few minutes, right? But everything was happening so suddenly. It was like being on a speeding train.</p>
    <p>For any match, whether the home or the away team, there would always be a general overall strategy they followed. But in this match? Up to now, Li Yibo had yet to figure out what the main goal of either team was.</p>
    <p>This match felt like two enemies meeting randomly in the Heavenly Domain, neither side having prepared beforehand, and then breaking out into a fight. All of the responses followed from the immediate, real-time changes. All strategic thoughts were formed spontaneously on the field.</p>
    <p>What was going on?</p>
    <p>Li Yibo was truly lost, completely lost. In this match, maybe the yelling in the chat was a bit unprofessional, okay, but right now, had the two sides prepared strategy beforehand? What were the methods they’d prepared to win this match?</p>
    <p>Especially Team Blue Rain. This is your home match, your map. Did you not think beforehand how you were going to use it?</p>
    <p>“The offense and defense is so fast that Blue Rain has no way of using their home field advantage!” At this moment, Pan Lin suddenly exclaimed this sentence, and Li Yibo felt as though he suddenly saw the light.</p>
    <p>“What did you say?” Li Yibo cried out.</p>
    <p>“Ah?” Pan Lin, alarmed, thought that he had said something wrong.</p>
    <p>“The fast offense and defense prevents Blue Rain from using their home field advantage…” Li Yibo repeated the sentence to himself.</p>
    <p>“Ah… so far, aside from predicting Happy’s path at the very beginning, and then attacking Happy from the advantageous position in the center wind zone, Blue Rain hasn’t really used the map!” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“You’re right!” Li Yibo nodded his head sharply. He figured it out.</p>
    <p>The two sides didn’t have any strategy?</p>
    <p>How was that possible! This was a playoffs match. If time permitted, no amount of preparation was too much. Who would slack off?</p>
    <p>Blue Rain had used the map from the start, attacking downwind and instantly scattering Happy’s formation. Their opening was successful.</p>
    <p>Then what about Happy?</p>
    <p>Happy’s strategy, Happy’s battle plan for this match, was what everyone saw now!</p>
    <p>Play fast, play chaotically! Using a fast and changing rhythm, keep Blue Rain’s hands and feet tied, make it so that they had no way of using wind zones on this map as they had practiced.</p>
    <p>Both sides looked like they were lacking in preparation, turning this into a mess.</p>
    <p>In reality, Blue Rain had prepared, but they had no chance to display it. Happy? The situation right now was what they had prepared for. Their goal was to chase victory in the midst of chaos.</p>
  </body>
</html>
