<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1268: This Isn’t What You’re Good At</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1268: This Isn’t What You’re Good At</h1>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf, the character personally raised by Ye Xiu and brought into the Alliance, the character that became Excellent Era's foundation and earned the title of "Battle God"... This character suddenly and viciously cut into Ye Xiu's field of view.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks, what a familiar skill, how long has it been since I've last used it?</p>
    <p>For the briefest of moments, Ye Xiu couldn't avoid feeling a pang of melancholy, but it was only for a moment. Right afterwards, Lord Grim dodged Dragon Breaks the Ranks, and didn't hesitate at all before attacking the character he was the most familiar with. How many times had he encountered One Autumn Leaf as an enemy after leaving Excellent Era? Ye Xiu couldn't be bothered to keep track anymore.</p>
    <p>When Sun Xiang controlled One Autumn Leaf to charge at Lord Grim, he had hardened his heart to die while doing so. He believed that in order to swiftly deal with him, his opponent would definitely let go of Tang Hao's Demon Subduer, if only for a moment.</p>
    <p>When Lord Grim's attacks arrived, he did his best to parry the strikes, hoping to use the opportunity to create more space. But after this valiant effort, what he met was not just the assault of Lord Grim, but instead the attacks of anyone who was in range from Team B, none of whom missed this opportunity. Dancing Rain, Windy Rain, and Vaccaria all attacked him.</p>
    <p>Was it worth it?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang thought to himself, One Autumn Leaf only had so much health left. A few casual attacks would be able to finish him off, was there a need for such exaggerated fanfare? Especially Wang Jiexi, who had turned around and changed his movement just to charge at him, were they trying to KS each other or something?</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain and Windy Rain's attacks were both long-ranged, and Sun Xiang had no way of retaliating against the two. But Vaccaria had surprisingly charged towards him, so Sun Xiang had One Autumn Leaf welcome him instead.</p>
    <p>But Vaccaria's body suddenly dipped down and changed directions, flying towards One Autumn Leaf at a low altitude. This situation!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang hurriedly changed his camera angle, and saw that Vaccaria, who had just brushed past him, was actually charging towards Demon Subduer.</p>
    <p>This guy switched targets… way too fast, right?</p>
    <p>As he stared agape, One Autumn Leaf had already received a fatal blow, becoming the third character to fall in this team competition.</p>
    <p>As a result, in terms of numbers, Team A was finally at a clear disadvantage. With the situation being a 3v4, and none of Team B's 4 characters being in great danger of dying, the advantage in numbers became very obvious.</p>
    <p>To make matters worse, Sun Xiang letting One Autumn Leaf make a valiant last stand was in order to give Tang Hao an opportunity to seize the initiative, but it seemed as if the results were very debatable.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao had really been beaten dizzy.</p>
    <p>After facing Wang Jiexi's fierce barrage of attacks, all he could think of was the Magician's playstyle. Right afterwards, Ye Xiu's unspecialized, Lord Grim had charged up and focused another flurry of attacks on him. In order to save him, Sun Xiang sacrificed the life of One Autumn Leaf, resetting the battlefield, but as soon as that happened, the unspecialized Lord Grim was swapped out for the Magician again. </p>
    <p>With these two opponents irregularly swapping in and out in front of him, Tang Hao felt a head-splitting migraine coming on.</p>
    <p>Was this a 1v1?</p>
    <p>No, in Tang Hao's eyes, this already felt like a 1v2, for the two opponents would change in the blink of an eye. At one moment, it was the unspecialized, at another moment, it was the Magician. One of them was so fast that it was dazzling, while the other had unimaginable variations in his playstyle.</p>
    <p>Who are these people?</p>
    <p>Tang Hao, the junior who had succeeded the senior, suddenly felt completely perplexed.</p>
    <p>Once again, faced against Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria, Tang Hao played very poorly. Originally, he had been psychologically prepared to go up against the Magician once more, but this preparation had been shattered beforehand by Ye Xiu's Lord Grim. </p>
    <p>"This fellow is already a mess," Huang Shaotian said to Zhou Zekai.</p>
    <p>"Yeah..." Zhou Zekai indicated his agreement.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao may have been somewhat helpless against Wang Jiexi's Magician playstyle, but after being beaten by it once, he shouldn't have been beaten so soundly the second time. If the Magician playstyle was so tyrannical that it could oppress God-level players, would Wang Jiexi still need to change his playstyle? He could just single-handedly slaughter his way to a championship title. Evidently, by relying on these bursts of attacks, Ye Xiu and Wang Jiexi both explosively fought Tang Hao one after the other, and eventually shattered his fighting spirit. </p>
    <p>"Should we still save him?" Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>"..." His question only earned Zhou Zekai's silence.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian suddenly had a headache. What could he do? At the end of the day, the guy next to him just had to be this taciturn person. In terms of communication through words, it seemed as if they could only go this far! </p>
    <p>"Let's go take down Ye Xiu!" Huang Shaotian shouted, as Troubling Rain's sword swept towards Lord Grim. He was already too lazy to waste time on Tang Hao's predicament, that would just be too passive. Their team was already at a clear disadvantage, and if they were to be lead by the nose by Team A the whole time, they would just be whittled down one-by-one till the end. At this time, they could only respond by taking daring risks and erupting with full force against the enemy.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain's sword was flourished, but even faster was Cloud Piercer's bullets. It seemed as if by the time his sword flashed, the sound of Cloud Piercer's bullet had also rung out.</p>
    <p>The character that the bullet flew towards was indeed Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>"Good kid, you thought the exact same thing as me! Let's kill him!" Huang Shaotian shouted.</p>
    <p>"..." Unfortunately, Zhou Zekai had never wanted to have any verbal communication with his team, but the coordination of his skills was always outstanding. Troubling Rain effortlessly dashed over to Lord Grim's side. Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu attempted to intercept him, but Zhou Zekai had Cloud Piercer's bullets arrive at the most appropriate place at the most appropriate time, causing their attacks to have no effect on Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>"..."</p>
    <p>"I really couldn't tell that you were such an expert in providing covering fire as well!" Huang Shaotian loudly praised before shouting, "Old Ye, watch my sword!"</p>
    <p>Sword light flashed downwards, carrying a cold killing intent.</p>
    <p>His relationship with Ye Xiu was quite good, but that was only off-stage, what about during matches? He would definitely try to kill Ye Xiu as fast as possible, with no other emotions involved. He was already irritated by Ye Xiu showing off in the individual competition, but it was uncertain whether he could take revenge by winning this team competition. The situation on Tang Hao's side was already hopeless, and Zhou Zekai… he had already successfully covered Huang Shaotian from the attacks of three characters, showing off his abilities to the maximum, could anything more be expected of him? He only hoped that the kid would be able to completely follow the tempo of his attacks next!</p>
    <p>In the midst of a rain of bullets, a sword light shone through!</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai coordinated with Huang Shaotian, focusing their attacks on Lord Grim. Wang Jiexi was dealing with Tang Hao, and even though Tang Hao's condition wasn't good, in a 1v1, it was unlikely that he'd be beaten down in a matter of seconds or minutes. Even as he cut a sorry figure, Tang Hao still retained a last trace of clear-headedness, helping him continue to fight back.</p>
    <p>Aside from them, there was Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu left. The two of them were long-ranged attackers, and when cooperating with Ye Xiu, it was a 3v2 scenario. Originally, the two of them had assisted Ye Xiu in counterattacking Troubling Rain, but now, Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer had severely restricted them. The majority of the attacks were aimed at Lord Grim, but once in a while, some attacks would be directed towards the two of them, causing a great amount of trouble for them each time. If it wasn't interrupting their attacks, it was disturbing their coordination. Between the two of them, Chu Yunxiu had a harder time. Most of her spells had a cast time, and under Cloud Piercer's unpredictable harassment, there was surprisingly not a single big spell that could be casted, causing her to be helplessly suppressed.</p>
    <p>"This guy is truly terrifying..." Chu Yunxiu said to Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>"Yeah..." Su Mucheng had no way of disagreeing. Zhou Zekai's mechanical skills had already surpassed that of most other players.</p>
    <p>"Not bad not bad, very well done hahaha, this is the tempo of victory!" Huang Shaotian shouted as he hacked away with his sword.</p>
    <p>If this continued, victory or defeat would be hard to determine. If these two could be as fast as Wang Jiexi, first getting rid of Lord Grim, then turning their fire towards Vaccaria, what would the situation be like? Everyone was currently considering this possibility.</p>
    <p>"The tempo of victory?" At this moment, Ye Xiu laughed and said, "How come I can't see it at all?"</p>
    <p>The Myraid Manifestations Umbrella shook and a Sky Strike flew out!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn't back down, and Troubling Rain simply used a Falling Phoenix Slash to knock down the Sky Strike.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's body conveniently crouched down, and when Falling Phoenix Strike's power had been expended, he straightened up and sent out a Knee Attack.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain had already taken a step back, and his sword flashed as he executed Headwind Strike.</p>
    <p>Under Huang Shaotian's control, this Headwind Strike's sword arc had extended half a body unit, creating a dense cluster of sword energy.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Zhou Zekai suddenly made a sound. "Ah!"</p>
    <p>"What did you say "ah" for?" Huang Shaotian was very excited, surprisingly, this person actually still knew how to speak. </p>
    <p>"Uh..." Zhou Zekai hesitated and couldn't say what he wanted to, but the Myraid Manifestations Umbrella in Lord Grim's hand had already opened up, completely blocking all the sword arcs from Headwind Strike. Once the attack was blocked, the umbrella was folded back, but it didn't fold inwards. Instead, it folded outwards, directly turning into a spear before striking out.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>The distance between them was too narrow, and this Dragon Tooth was just too fast, leaving Huang Shaotian with no opportunity to dodge.</p>
    <p>Dragon Tooth had a stun effect, so after being hit by Dragon Tooth, the next few combo hits would be unavoidable. Zhou Zekai frantically intensified his attacks to suppress Lord Grim, but at this moment, Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain had finished the cast for a high-level spell, and together with Dancing Rain's attacks, they blotted out the sky as they attacked Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai managed to stop Lord Grim's attack, but he had absolutely no way of controlling the other two on the field. He wasn't Nezha, the god with three heads and six arms.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian immediately figured out that when Zhou Zekai said "ah", it was possible that he had already noticed a problem, and the problem was, in all likelihood, Huang Shaotian's problem, but... he was completely unaware of the situation.</p>
    <p>"Grasping the tempo of attacks is still something that I do best, Huang Shao!" A voice filled with laughter travelled over as a violent sword light slammed down. Within the swordsman classes, only the Berserker could possess such a reckless momentum. </p>
    <p>Hundred Blossom's Yu Feng, Berserker Blooming Chaos, entered the field.</p>
    <p>On the other side, the click clack sounds of machinery rang out. Xiao Shiqin's Mechanic, Life Extinguisher had also finally reached the battlefield.</p>
    <p>At the same time, Huang Shaotian finally realized the subtle meaning in Yu Feng's words, because back in Blue Rain, the person who was the arrowhead of the formation and who lead the team's tempo was Yu Feng. And Huang Shaotian, the true core of Blue Rain, instead drifted away from the formation, waiting to seize an opportunity.</p>
    <p>To put it another way, Huang Shaotian's speciality was seizing opportunities and coordinating with others, and not having other people follow his attacking tempo. In this way, he was very different from most other core players.</p>
    <p>So just now, it was clear that there was a slight error in his judgement. When he attacked, it could be that his timing was slightly off, or his positioning was slightly off, but in short, it interfered with Zhou Zekai, messing up their perfect attacking tempo. As a result, Huang Shaotian was immediately counterattacked by Ye Xiu, and shortly after, Zhou Zekai's suppression over the two ranged players had been broken. </p>
    <p>"This... really something that I'm not good at. It's a shame that you're also my opponent now." Huang Shaotian said to Yu Feng.</p>
  </body>
</html>
