<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 468 – I Can’t Stand Being Ignored</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 468 – I Can’t Stand Being Ignored</h1>
    <p>“Hurry up and run!” Ye Xiu immediately warned Deception when he saw this scene. But when he turned to look, Deception had already run off.</p>
    <p>“Where’s your code of brotherhood! You didn’t even tell me you were running off.” Ye Xiu ran while scolding him.</p>
    <p>When Deception heard this, his movements clearly slowed down for a second. What is that supposed to mean! I’ve been trying to run away the entire time. If it weren’t for you, I’d have escaped a long time ago…</p>
    <p>“Don’t let them escape from combat!!” The guild players were experienced. Once they escaped from combat, they could simply log off. With today’s technological progress, logging off was very quick. Don’t count on the character sitting there waiting to die. If you were still in combat though and you force quit the game, your character would stay in-game to be killed.</p>
    <p>The order came down. The long-ranged classes fired a barrage of missiles. Even though not all of them hit, whether or not one was considered in-battle didn’t depend on how much damage one took. The system had its own way of deciding it.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim and Deception had been fighting for awhile, so they were already in a combat status. Even if they wanted to log off, they wouldn’t be able to. Seeing how careful and meticulous the guilds were being, it seemed like they would need to give up their hands and legs in order to escape.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was nervous as well. Hearing Ye Xiu’s warning, she immediately ran away too. But she quickly remembered that she wasn’t in combat. Those guilds were only focused on Lord Grim and Deception. She was being regarded as a passerby.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was furious. Seeing that no one was paying attention to her, she directly let out a powerful skill.</p>
    <p>The Three Great Guilds were too tunneled onto Lord Grim and Deception. They were busy attacking and recording. Suddenly, a flash of light appeared before their eyes. The experienced players were overwhelmed with shock. They looked up and looked. Sure enough, it was the Launcher’s Satellite Beam about to crash down onto them.</p>
    <p>The Satellite Beam shot down. The wind from the shockwave blew across the surrounding character’s equipment. Those who were enveloped by the light naturally took a huge blow from the Satellite Beam. Chen Guo continued and the large beam split into several smaller pillars. The players didn’t dare be slow. They scattered away and their formation went into a mess. Chen Guo had taken her revenge and was delighted. Following afterwards, Ye Xiu helplessly said: “You’re still playing? Why aren’t you running?”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo could re-activate the skill one more time. But with the skill already raining down on them, how could the guild players not notice her? All sorts of attacks were being thrown at her. Ye Xiu’s warning was just done as an act of kindness. In this situation, with Chen Guo’s skill level, she was basically a sheep throwing herself into a pack of wolves. Chasing Haze wasn’t even able to take two steps, when the barrage of attacks crashed down on her, turning her into a corpse.</p>
    <p>“You really…… died like that?” Ye Xiu criticized.</p>
    <p>“Hmph, I wanted to do that!” Chen Guo spoke like that, but her first reaction was to check her inventory. She would certainly lose experience and money, but importantly was her equipment……</p>
    <p>“F*CK!” Chen Guo erupted. She had lost two pieces of equipment. Her hands were empty, indicating that her weapon had dropped.</p>
    <p>Weapons were valued the most by players.Whenever anyone invested money into equipment, their first choice would be to invest in a weapon. However, the system considered the chances to drop the weapon as any other piece of equipment. Not only did Chen Guo drop two pieces of equipment, she had even dropped her weapon. Her luck was too tragic.</p>
    <p>“Tsk tsk tsk tsk.” Ye Xiu shook his head repeatedly.</p>
    <p>“As if I care! It felt good doing that.” Seeing the look on Ye Xiu’s face, Chen Guo continued to speak bravely. But this time, these words really were just words. Her decision to use Satellite Beam was completely done on impulse. It hadn’t been a decision based on rational thinking. Afterwards, not a single person was close to dying, while she herself was killed. Being killed would have been fine if not for her Level 70 Purple Rose Flower Cannon dropping. Chen Guo really wanted to cry.</p>
    <p>“Don’t cry. Don’t cry. If the old doesn’t go, the new won’t come.” Ye Xiu actually consulted her using this saying.</p>
    <p>“Who wants to cry.” Chen Guo continued to speak bravely, but her actual emotions had already been sold out. The current Chen Guo was so sad she had even forgotten to revive as she stared at her corpse. Her equipment had already been stolen away.</p>
    <p>“It’s just a Rose Flower Cannon. Though……” Ye Xiu was just about to analyze the equipment’s value in order to comfort Chen Guo’s anguish, but when he turned his head to look at her, he immediately stopped.</p>
    <p>From his perspective, a Rose Flower Cannon was nothing. But for a normal player, any Level 70 Purple weapon wasn’t easy to come by.</p>
    <p>Purple lettering meant the equipment was very rare. Level 70 was also the max level. Very few of these would become outdated, so even Level 70 Blue equipment were valuable. For a core member of a top guild, a Level 70 Purple equipment might not be much. This was because they had the guild’s resources to pull from. A ten thousand player guild had who knew how many parties that could be formed. The chances that one of these parties would get an equipment was very high and the core members would have priority over these equipment.</p>
    <p>Normal players had it a lot more difficult. It required them to grind a certain dungeon many many times. Even if the equipment dropped, it might not fall into their bags. They could be bought on the market, but with how rare these equipment were, the market prices wouldn’t be low.</p>
    <p>If Chen Guo really wanted to, it wouldn’t be difficult for her to buy a Purple equipment with some money. But Ye Xiu had been with her for two months and knew that Boss Chen was very proper. She would never use real money in the game.</p>
    <p>For this type of player, a Purple weapon was a huge loss and was enough to make one’s heart ache.</p>
    <p>Her heart ached, but there was nothing she could do. This was because the Heavenly Domain had another different rule than normal servers: Heavenly Domain equipment couldn’t be bound. If Heavenly Domain equipment could also be bound, everyone would bind their good equipment and there would be no reason to worry. If that was the case, how could scrap pickers exist? Any equipment obtained in normal servers could be bound though. However, these equipment were all considered low quality goods in the Heavenly Domain. Apart from disassembling them for some equipment that had value, even scrap pickers didn’t like picking them up.</p>
    <p>Seeing the bitter look on Chen Guo’s face, Ye Xiu didn’t look down on Chen Guo’s loss.</p>
    <p>“What else did you drop?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“My head equipment also dropped.” Chen Guo said. The head part didn’t have to be a hat. It could also be a scarf or a mask or a hair accessory. There were even lollipops and cigarettes. Glory had all sorts of different types.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu also knew about the head equipment Chasing Haze dropped. It was a hairband. Chen Guo’s Chasing Haze had a ponytail just like Chen Guo in real life. With this hairband gone, Chasing Haze’s corpse had her hair scattered everywhere all over the ground. Ye Xiu restrained himself from mocking her and nodded his head: “Don’t worry. You’ll find another cannon and hairband.”</p>
    <p>“Hm?” Chen Guo suddenly woke up from her anguish.</p>
    <p>“What are you planning on doing?” Chen Guo felt like something was about to happen.</p>
    <p>“I’m about to go scrap picking.” Ye Xiu said. Lord Grim stopped and turned around.</p>
    <p>“You’re crazy. Do you think you’re some sort of…….” Chen Guo wasn’t able to finish, when Lord Grim turned back and began running away again.</p>
    <p>“You….. you…..” Chen Guo was at a loss.</p>
    <p>“I was just looking back for a second to see if they had a lot of Launchers among them or not.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why don’t you take care of yourself first! There’ll be more equipment in the future. It’s nothing.” Chen Guo said as she had Chasing Haze revive.</p>
    <p>Apart from the equipment, she also lost experience and money. After her experience dropped, don’t look at how she was still Level 70. In reality, her stats had been reduced. All of her equipment stats would be reduced as well. Not letting the player’s level fall was to prevent players from taking advantage of it. It was done so that the player wouldn’t be able to purposefully drop in level to finish level restricted quests or dungeons. Reduce stats, while not reducing the level was something that made the players furious.</p>
    <p>“You worry about yourself. I’m about to pull off something huge.” Ye Xiu rolled up his sleeves as he spoke.</p>
    <p>“How about you escape first before talking…….” Chen Guo looked at Ye Xiu’s screen. There were no longer just players chasing from behind, but players were blocking them from the front too. The guilds finally had an opportunity. A single team was enough to take down a Wilderness Escort, but to kill a boss like Ye Qiu, the more players the better.</p>
    <p>“Oh! Excellent Dynasty, Excellent Dynasty is good!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What’s good?”</p>
    <p>“Excellent Dynasty will have more Launchers.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You…..” Chen Guo stared blankly, “No need. It’s better if you escape. It’s just a Rose Flower Cannon. I can easily buy it if I need to. But what will we do if your Silver weapon drops?”</p>
    <p>“There’s where you’re wrong. To tell you the truth, there’s no need to worry about a Silver weapon dropping. Your equipment needs time to obtain, but a Silver weapon? If I can make one, then I can make a second. Do you know how many of One Autumn Leaf’s Evil Annihilations there are?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I don’t know……”</p>
    <p>“Three! Apart from the one One Autumn Leaf has equipped, there are two others. These two are for research purposes. If one breaks, another one will be made to make up for it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then with what you’re saying, if Silver weapons weren’t valuable, they would be everywhere?”</p>
    <p>“Of course not.” Ye Xiu said, “Some of the extremely rare materials restrict how many Silver weapons there can be. But the one I have in my hands right now is only Level 45. It hasn’t reached that level yet. Plus, while I upgrade it to 70, who knows how many times I’m going to break one, so don’t worry. This is still incomplete.”</p>
    <p>“Oh…..”</p>
    <p>“Then again……. I should still get to know the person who killed me.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Let’s just hope it’s not so many that you won’t be able to remember them all.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha! Speaking of this, there’s one such person in front of me! See that ninja bro? He’s not very focused when he’s running. He’s always peeking at me. I think he really wants my Silver weapon.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
