<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 345 – The First Step in Development</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 345 – The First Step in Development</h1>
    <p>“It’s good that you’re determined……. But your goal really is a bit impractical.” After a brief moment of shock from Chen Guo’s determination, Ye Xiu returned to his usual calm self.</p>
    <p>“Hmph, I know that. I’m just saying that this is my goal.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Good luck!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You! You’re still planning on coming out of retirement, right?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“When you come out of retirement, don’t tell me you’re going back to Excellent Era?”</p>
    <p>“That’s probably not going to happen.” Ye Xiu forced a smile.</p>
    <p>“How about forming your own team?” Chen Guo suddenly said.</p>
    <p>“That’s actually a great idea.”</p>
    <p>“Were you planning on doing this from the start?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“I’ve been thinking about it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If your goal in forming a team is to get into the Pro Alliance, then that’s going to require a lot of investment!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“Players, money to register for the Alliance, a stadium……” Chen Guo began counting with her fingers.</p>
    <p>“Wow, you seem to understand a lot.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I’ve been thinking about it.” Chen Guo repeated what Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Starting yesterday or from the day before?” Ye Xiu easily saw through her.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo could only have thought of doing this after knowing Ye Xiu’s identity. With how much she knew, she probably learned all about it during these past two days.</p>
    <p>“What? Is there something wrong with that?” Chen Guo didn’t feel embarrassed in the slightest.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you a bit impulsive?”</p>
    <p>“Of course not.” Chen Guo said, “I’ve thought about it very carefully. It’ll still take around a year before you can come out of retirement. During that time, we can start to prepare for it.”</p>
    <p>“That’ll require you to put up your savings.” Ye Xiu said. Chen Guo’s only property was Happy Internet Cafe. Ye Xiu had been working for there for some time, so he had an idea on the Cafe’s income. Having been in a pro team for so many years, Ye Xiu also had an idea on what a pro team needed. That wasn’t something that Chen Guo’s Internet Cafe could provide. Their initial investment would definitely require Chen Guo’s savings. As for how much the boss had, Ye Xiu didn’t know.</p>
    <p>“You don’t need to worry about that! Right now, as the boss, I appoint you as the team captain.” Chen Guo lifted her head high.</p>
    <p>“What? It’s been created just like that?” Ye Xiu was astonished.</p>
    <p>“Yup. This historic moment has to be recorded. Come here. Smile.” Chen Guo suddenly took out her phone.</p>
    <p>“Hey……” Ye Xiu didn’t have time to object. Chen Guo swiftly pressed near. Tang Rou had also snuck her head in. The camera flashed and, just like that, the photo was taken.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry. I won’t spread it around.” Chen Guo laughed and carefully stored the photo. Ye Xiu turned his head and stared at Tang Rou, who had suddenly snuck into the scene.</p>
    <p>“Captain.” Tang Rou saluted.</p>
    <p>“When did you two think of this?” Ye Xiu was speechless.</p>
    <p>“You don’t need to worry about that.” Chen Guo said, “In short, the team’s been created. We three are the first members of the team.”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked at the two of them. After a brief moment of silence, he looked at Chen Guo: “You should be the boss…… as a player, cough……”</p>
    <p>“I’ll just be in there until you get enough players!” Chen Guo angrily said. Ye Xiu was obviously trying to say that she simply wasn’t good enough to be a player. Chen Guo obviously knew this. Plus, with her age, there wasn’t enough time for her to get any better. In the team, she could only be the manager. As for being a player, at best, she could take it up nominally as a sort of comfort.</p>
    <p>“Okay, now that the team’s been created, the first thing you two need to do is hurry up and level up. Then, we’ll group up in the Heavenly Domain. While you guys are doing that, I’ll create a guild and wait for you guys. Our development starts with the guild.” Chen Guo commanded in a serious tone.</p>
    <p>“Can I ask what this team will be called?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Of course it’ll be called ‘Happy’.” Chen Guo replied instantly.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t say anything and turned his head to continue playing.</p>
    <p>“Do you have any objections?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“No, I just wanted to know.” Ye Xiu said. Truthfully, he didn’t care what the name was. Chen Guo’s decision to set up a team seemed to be real, but he also felt that it seemed a bit out of nowhere, so Ye Xiu didn’t bother thinking about it too much. He’ll just see how things go first before making any real decisions. In any case, it’s not like they could really do anything right now. After the days go by, he’ll see if boss Chen Guo was actually serious or not!</p>
    <p>After talking, Chen Guo’s friends finally responded.</p>
    <p>In the end, only one fan of Ye Qiu left Excellent Dynasty with Chen Guo. As for the others, they just laughed as if it was all a big joke.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo wasn’t going to force them. Having one already made her feel thankful. She immediately introduced her friend to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Forest Landscape. Battle Mage. His mechanics aren’t bad. They’re just a bit worse than mine.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Just a bit worse than yours…….” Ye Xiu repeated, “That tone doesn’t suit you!”</p>
    <p>In the past, there was no way Chen Guo could bear this sort of mocking tone. But now, even though she couldn’t bear it, she had to.. because she finally knew who he was. A God looking down on her skill was completely reasonable.</p>
    <p>As a result, Chen Guo could only take a deep breath and pretend she didn’t hear it. She continued: “Right now, it’s just us two. We can’t create a guild yet. We’ll need more people.”</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Ye Xiu nodded his head. It wasn’t easy creating a guild in the Heavenly Domain. There weren’t any new players. In order to enter the Heavenly Domain, everyone that was there had to have a certain level of mechanics and skill. Those who wanted to join a guild would have already done so back when they were in their normal server. Finding people to join a new guild in the Heavenly Domain would prove to be quite difficult.</p>
    <p>Usually, guilds were first created in the normal server. Then, once everyone reached Level 70 and entered the Heavenly Domain, they would then create a guild in the Heavenly Domain. The two guilds would then set up a link. After that link was created, guild players that were able to enter the Heavenly Domain from the normal player server would directly join the guild with the same name.</p>
    <p>Directly creating a guild in the Heavenly Domain would require the creator to have a certain amount of appeal or it could be achieved through spending money. For appeal, Chen Guo’s circle of friends were all from Excellent Dynasty. With Excellent Era’s backing behind Excellent Dynasty, they had who knew how much more appeal over Chen Guo’s new guild. Pro characters like One Autumn Leaf and Dancing Rain all had their names registered under Excellent Dynasty in the Heavenly Domain. Members of the guild could easily search up the entire team’s pro characters.</p>
    <p>As for money, that was a bottomless pit. In addition, those who joined would only be there while there were still advantages, so Chen Guo didn’t want to use this method.</p>
    <p>“Hey, can I use your name?” Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“As if others would believe you!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That’s true.” Chen Guo thought. She didn’t have any fame, but Ye Xiu was different! If she used Ye Qiu’s name, creating a guild wouldn’t be a problem. The problem was that no one would believe her. Glory had been going on for a long time. Cheating people by lying about their identity had been done who knew how many times. If she said that she was some pro player, the only thing she’d summon would be an angry mob.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo thought and thought, but she couldn’t come up with anything. Let alone her, even if Ye Xiu personally came out, the players would still be doubtful. This was already a type of taboo in Glory.</p>
    <p>“Even if I created one in the normal server, it’d still be troublesome. I’m in an old server, so there aren’t many new players.” Chen Guo sighed. Her Chasing Haze was in the fifth server. It had already been several years since its creation.</p>
    <p>“Oh! I’ve got it! You create the guild in the tenth server!” Chen Guo suddenly said.</p>
    <p>“I create it?” Ye Xiu stared blankly.</p>
    <p>“Yeah! Creating a guild in a new server shouldn’t be hard!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“That’s true……” Ye Xiu said, while staring at his character. Lord Grim. With his character’s fame, creating a guild would be way too easy. His fame was simply incomparable. New servers would have a lot of young and naive new players. Players like Tang Rou, who had never touched Glory before without any knowledge of the guilds backed by pros, would only know that in the tenth server, Lord Grim was number one!</p>
    <p>“Hurry, hurry. Hurry up and create it.” Chen Guo urged.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Ye Xiu nodded his head. To create a team, if they wanted to develop it into a business, then an in-game guild was a requirement. Creating a guild right now was perfect. They could take advantage of being in the new server to snatch resources. It would be their first step for their future.</p>
    <p>As a result, Ye Xiu sent out a message in the global chat that he would be creating a guild to test out what the response would be like.</p>
    <p>There had been a long period of peace after the Christmas event. Suddenly, Lord Grim came out with a bang and flung a heavy explosive. The global chat immediately erupted into chaos. His friends list also began flashing repeatedly.</p>
    <p>It was currently Monday afternoon. Nearly everyone online right now on his friends list were from the top guilds. All of them sent him messages in order to pry out more information.</p>
    <p>For these top guilds, Lord Grim creating his own guild was absolutely terrible news.</p>
  </body>
</html>
