<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 217 – Void and Hundred Blossoms</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 217 – Void and Hundred Blossoms</h1>
    <p>Void Walk was the guild backed by Club Void. The name of the guild was a bit different than the others. It sounded like a name given to a bad guy. In reality, this name represented Club Void’s mission: to surpass oneself. However, no one really bought this explanation.</p>
    <p>No one in Void really cared. Their guild continued to use this mocked guild name and as for their team, they continued to uphold their unique style.</p>
    <p>Many teams had one Ghostblade character and player, but Team Void was the only one that used a Ghostblade as the core of their team.</p>
    <p>The Team Void leader, Li Xuan, and his character, Sobbing Ghost, were considered the Alliance’s first Phantom Demon. He was Qiao Yifan’s current learning model.</p>
    <p>Team Void and their unique playstyle was a strong contender in the Alliance in recent years. In the past seven years, they had entered the playoffs five times. Their current ranking this season was fifth place, a very hopeful position.</p>
    <p>As for Blossom Valley, they were the guild that was backed by Team Hundred Blossoms. Team Hundred Blossoms was also a strong contender in the Alliance, though currently they were in a transition phase.</p>
    <p>When last season ended, the team captain, Zhang Jiale, suddenly announced his retirement. This sudden decision messed up Team Hundred Blossom’s original plans and forced them to adjust.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was also a God-level character. His Spitfire, Dazzling Hundred Blossom, was a splendid player. In his six years as a pro, he had entered the playoffs six times, played in the finals three times, and claimed the title MVP. However, he hasn’t won a single Championship yet. Zhang Jiale’s name was known far and wide, but he was definitely one of Glory’s most tragic players.</p>
    <p>Last season, Team Hundred Blossoms lost in the finals. Zhang Jiale fell into a discouraged state, causing him to suddenly announce his retirement. Team Hundred Blossoms was unable to persuade him and had no choice but to respect their player’s decision.</p>
    <p>As a result, during that summer rest period, Team Hundred Blossom was forced to find someone to replace him. However, in the end, they were unable to find anyone suitable to succeed “Dazzling Hundred Blossoms”. In the current season, the team’s strongest account unexpectedly fell into a new player’s hands. The new player’s performance was quite good, but he clearly wasn’t good enough yet to become the team’s core. This was something Team Hundred Blossom couldn’t do anything about.</p>
    <p>However, there was something this season that made them pleasantly surprised. A young player on their team, Tang Hao, rose abruptly during his second year as a pro and his performance was already being considered God-level. The only thing restricting him was his average Brawler account, as well as Team Hundred Blossom’s messy playing.</p>
    <p>The similarity between the name Team Hundred Blossoms and their core character Dazzling Hundred Blossom wasn’t just a coincidence. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was a very old God-level account and could be considered the root of Team Hundred Blossom’s founding. The Spitfire had always been their core class. This was something they hadn’t changed over the years. This year, the core changed because of Zhang Jiale’s suddenly retirement and Tang Hao’s abrupt rise, however, the team still wasn’t used to it.</p>
    <p>Impacted from this, Team Hundred Blossoms was currently ranked tenth and the situation wasn’t looking good for them. This season might be the first time they were unable to enter the playoffs.</p>
    <p>However, Tang Hao’s progress gave them hope. Their current team was beginning to get their things together and it was still possible to come back in the second half of the season. Even if they didn’t make it into playoffs, they would have already successfully re-established their foundation.</p>
    <p>In short, even though Team Hundred Blossom wasn’t doing too well right now, they were preparing for a complete renewal. They didn’t plan on falling and as a result, their guild Blossom Valley was still pushing forward.</p>
    <p>Presently, the elite teams of Blossom Valley and Void Walk came across Ye Xiu’s team. Even though it wasn’t an ambush, it was still unexpected to have Ye Xiu and the others take the initiative and rush forward.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion gleefully invaded Blossom Valley’s troops, but as soon as he entered, he was hit. One of the players looked up to dodge the Sand Toss’s Blind and then quickly snapped back. He then kicked and used a “Punisher” on Steamed Bun Invasion. Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t careful and was stomped into the ground.</p>
    <p>This Blossom Valley dungeon team was being led personally by the tenth server guild leader. The Spitfire, who had stepped on Steamed Bun Invasion, was their guild leader, Backlight Bomb, and was a Heavenly Domain expert, similar to Blue River’s status. He had the ability to fight Steamed Bun Invasion. Steamed Bun Invasion had originally planned on going up and fighting 1v5, but he had underestimated them too much.</p>
    <p>After using “Punisher”, Backlight Bomb tossed a Grenade, while shouting “Scatter!” Blossom Valley’s players immediately scattered. He then raised his automatic pistol with his right hand and used his left hand to reload.</p>
    <p>This wasn’t a normal reload, like when Gunners ran out of ammo, but rather, it was a Spitfire skill.</p>
    <p>The speciality of Spitfires was that they used different types of bullets. A Spitfire reloading meant that they were switching to a special kind of bullet.</p>
    <p>The grenade that was thrown exploded. Steamed Bun Invasion, who had been forced onto the ground by the Punisher, had no way of dodging. He had been hit as soon as he rushed forward, but he didn’t run. Steamed Bun Invasion got up and continued to close in on Backlight Bomb.</p>
    <p>“Eat my fist!” Steamed Bun Invasion shouted. He was like a comic character, who shouted the skill before attacking, but compared to Huang Shaotian, who had been doing it for a purpose, Steamed Bun Invasion just did it because he found it fun. He hadn’t thought about distracting or scaring his opponents.</p>
    <p>This shout didn’t scare Backlight Bomb though. Backlight Bomb rolled to the side and fired. Strangely enough, even though bullets came out, there was no smoke from the gun. The bullets that flew out glowed a pale blue and their speed wasn’t as fast as a normal bullet. Experienced players could see that he had used an “Freezing Bullet”.</p>
    <p>Ice Bullet was a Spitfire Level 30 skill. When an Ice Bullet hit the opponent, there was chance that the opponent would enter a Frozen state.</p>
    <p>These types of special bullets could be fired up to 15 times and when the player changed classes at Level 20, they would learn the skill “Ammunition Expansion” which allowed them to hold up to 20 of these.</p>
    <p>While rolling, Backlight Bomb was able to maintain his steady aim. His skill level clearly wasn’t ordinary.</p>
    <p>However, Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t so easy to deal with either. Ice Bullets moved slower than normal bullets. Steamed Bun Invasion’s body moved and shook left and right in order to dodge the Ice Bullets. Backlight Bomb continued to adjust his aim, but every time he fired, Steamed Bun Invasion would move left or right and dodge it. Gradually, Steamed Bun Invasion closed in on Backlight Bomb.</p>
    <p>However, Steamed Bun Invasion had, not just one, but five opponents.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion closed in on Backlight Bomb, but behind him, a Berserker leapt forward and used a Collapsing Mountain on Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Ice Bullets in front and a Collapsing Mountain behind, Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t look as if he would be able to escape. A white light flashed and Lord Grim’s Thousand Chance Umbrella stabbed forward. The White-Wolf Fanged lance tip stabbed through the Berserker’s Body. Lord Grim’s arm swung and stopped the Berserker mid-leap with a Circle Swing. Collapsing Mountain was cancelled and Circle Swing smashed him towards the ground.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu moved his mouse and Lord Grim turned around and sent a sudden strike at the Cleric behind him. The Cleric had wanted to heal the Berserker, when suddenly, a Sky Strike launched him into the air. Lord Grim’s left palm shot forward and a Falling Flower Palm blasted him away.</p>
    <p>The Cleric flew back and a curse from their side was heard.</p>
    <p>The team from Void Walk was fighting against Tang Rou and was currently surrounding the struggling Battle Mage. A Blade Master had snuck up behind Soft Mist, but how could he have known someone would come flying over and block him.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou heard this and immediately understood what had happened.</p>
    <p>“Careful.” Ye Xiu warned and then continued to attack his targets.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Launcher attacked from afar. Both teams were in her firing range, so she would fire whenever there was a chance. Qiao Yifan observed the situation for a bit and then headed to assist Soft Mist.</p>
  </body>
</html>
