<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 96 – Because You Made Mistakes</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 96 – Because You Made Mistakes</h1>
    <p>Liu Hao was also startled. He looked like he didn’t believe what he was seeing. After a long time, he recovered and suddenly grinned: “What a coincidence. It’s actually Brother Ye. Brother you’re here……as a Cafe manager??” Liu Hao said 30% astonished and 70% in ridicule.</p>
    <p>“Yup!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“Oh oh, how is it? Is it hard? How much money do you earn every month?” Liu Hao asked as if he were very concerned about Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“1800!” Ye Xiu said. In Chen Guo’s Internet Cafe, most employees had a monthly salary of 1500 Yuan including food and shelter. For someone like him who had just arrived, this was quite good. Ye Xiu earned an extra 300 because he was there full-time for the night shift.</p>
    <p>“Woah!” Liu Hao acted extremely worried, “1800! Isn’t that a little tight? Do you have enough money for your cigarettes every month? If you don’t have enough, then you don’t have to be polite. Come look for us brothers. We’re not that far away anyways. You just have to cross the street and walk a bit, no?” Liu Hao said.</p>
    <p>“Okay!” Ye Xiu said as if everything was normal. On the side, Tang Rou could hear that this wasn’t any ordinary conversation. Something was fishy about this customer’s tone. She turned her head and asked Ye Xiu: “Your friends?”</p>
    <p>Right when Ye Xiu was about to answer, Liu Hao stole it away: “Hey! Don’t flatter us as his friends. How could we dare be friends with Brother Ye? To be more accurate, we’re only Brother Ye’s underlings.”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu remained silent as before. His gaze was locked straight onto Liu Hao.</p>
    <p>Liu Hao immediately retreated back a step and made an exaggerated expression of alarm: “Wow! It’s that look!! It’s that look again! Did you guys know? Once Brother Ye makes that look, then that means he’s going to teach me a lesson!! Oh no oh no oh no.”</p>
    <p>That Excellent Dynasty guild leader Chen Yehui immediately took the opportunity: “Brother Hao, he can’t teach you anymore right?”</p>
    <p>“Right!” Liu Hao made another exaggerated expression: “How could I forget. You’re already no longer the team captain! Oh no, what are you going to do now? Brother Ye, you definitely want to say a few words me to me right? But what a pity! I don’t have to listen to anything you say now. HA HA HA HA.”</p>
    <p>“Mister, did you drink too much?” Tang Rou showed her rare impolite tone.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful, you don’t have to worry about it. This is a personal grudge between me and him.” Liu Hao already had no interest in getting to know the beauty.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu laughed. He took the cigarette out of his mouth and put it out. He slowly stood up and said to Liu Hao: “I always scolded you before because you made mistakes. You didn’t want it to be like that, but you never gave me an opportunity to, no?”</p>
    <p>Tang Rou made “Pft” laugh. Chen Guo was right! This Ye Xiu really did have incredible skill at making others angry.</p>
    <p>Hearing this, Liu Hao really did grow angry. His previous act had already disappeared. Blue veins popped out from his head and he straightened his neck until he was in front of Ye Xiu’s face: “I didn’t give you angry opportunities? Or you didn’t give me any opportunities? Starting from the first day I joined the team, you always beat me down and never gave me the chance to come out. I always knew that you were scared of me. Scared that once I came out, I’d steal your position. But did you really think that you could keep me down? What about now? The one who stayed on the team is me. The one’s who has been kicked is you! I’m the team vice captain. You’re a small Cafe manager. 1800 every month. Ha ha ha ha. Hilarious, too hilarious!! HA HA HA HA.”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu silently stared at him. He didn’t say a word. Liu Hao cruelly laughed. Chen Yehui also smiled with him. Wang Ze and Fang Fengran hid behind them with unnatural expressions, not saying a word.</p>
    <p>“You two!” Ye Xiu suddenly opened his mouth.</p>
    <p>Liu Hao immediately held back his laughter. He wanted to hear what else Ye Xiu was going to say. In the end, Ye Xiu waved his hands at him and his gaze fell behind him: “Move. I’m not talking to you two.”</p>
    <p>Liu Hao turned his head and looked. Behind him was Wang Ze and Fang Fengran, but there’s no way he’d move if Ye Xiu told him to. In the end, Ye Xiu ignored him and minded his own business: “Both of you played badly today. Wang Ze, you still care too much about being beautiful. You have too many unnecessary movements making it easy for the opponents to find an opening. Actually, your opponent today is a good example for you to learn from. Simple and practical. If you can do it like that, then adding on your smooth skill and tempo, you wouldn’t lose to anyone one on one. Fang Fengran, you’re too careful. You always worry too much about the pros and cons. As a pro player, you should know that the difference between everyone’s reaction speed and hand speed is very small. If you always think so much, then you’ll obviously have the key moments stolen by your opponents. Using your brain to compete is good, but you think too much. There are times when you need to learn to rely on intuition to make a decision. Intuition isn’t as unreliable as you think. It’s an accumulation of your experience.”</p>
    <p>Wang Ze and Fang Fengran stared blankly while hearing this. After listening, they weren’t sure how to react. Answer? Or not to answer? In the end, the two could only lower their heads.</p>
    <p>“HEY!” Liu Hao had also recovered after foolishly hearing this and suddenly jumped out: “What are you doing? You’re still pretending you’re the team captain? What qualifications do you have to teach my teammates? AH??”</p>
    <p>“And you.” Ye Xiu looked towards Liu Hao, “When Sun Xiang’s energy was like a rainbow in the second round, did you not realize this? When he was completely relying on his individual strength in the team competition, did you warn him of anything? Did you have a complete plan to deal with Yang Cong’s and Xu Bin’s combo?”</p>
    <p>“I……”</p>
    <p>“I always scolded you because you made mistakes. I didn’t let you come out because you’re still too far off. But I have to admit. You are quite capable. You were actually able to climb your way up like this. Since it’s already like this, then work properly. That isn’t an easy position. Strength, you need true strength. You can do it!”</p>
    <p>“F*ck, you……”</p>
    <p>“Okay, the four of you can go back!” Ye Xiu made an order to expel the guests.</p>
    <p>“What are you doing? We’re here to use the Internet. Give us four computer stations!!” Liu Hao yelled.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu took a newspaper and rolled it up into a tube. He went to something on the wall and tapped at it a few times. But the lighting wasn’t good making it difficult to see clearly.</p>
    <p>“Little Tang, turn on the lights here.” Ye Xiu turned his head.</p>
    <p>“Aye!” Tang Rou agreed. After the lights turned on, Ye Xiu once again took the newspaper roll and tapped a clause hanging on the wall. He turned his head and said towards Liu Hao: “Do you see it? The Internet Cafe has the right to refuse any drunk people. I’m so sorry, you four.”</p>
    <p>“YOU!!!” Liu Hao was furious. They had drunk a bit of alcohol, but they were still far from drunk. How could they be considered drunk people? This guy was clearly using a feather as a banner of command!</p>
    <p>Liu Hao was about to argue when Ye Xiu dully said: “Don’t be so noisy. You guys are also public figures. If you keep on being noisy, then you guys won’t look good.”</p>
    <p>After saying this, Ye Xiu quietly took out a cigarette from his pocked, lit it, and put it in his mouth.</p>
    <p>Liu Hao’s gaze was fixed maliciously on Ye Xiu. In the end, he clenched his teeth and turned around: “We’re leaving!!”</p>
    <p>“I won’t send you guys off.” Ye Xiu lit his cigarette. His eyes followed them as they left.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou had stopped playing long ago. She had quietly watched the entire scene. After seeing Ye Xiu puff out some smoke, she noticed that his face looked a bit sad and then immediately returned back to his usual half-dead, lazy look.</p>
    <p>“Who were they?” Tang Rou still asked.</p>
    <p>“They were former colleagues.” Ye Xiu dully said.</p>
    <p>“People from the Glory pro scene?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Were they famous?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“They were quite famous. You actually said you didn’t recognized them, making them look like they lost a lot of face, did you know that?” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“I can’t do anything about that.” Tang Rou said helplessly, “I only know two pro-players from Glory. They were both often talked about by Guo Guo. One is called Su Mucheng and the other is called Ye Qiu.”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha.” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“Especially that Su Mucheng. Guo Guo really likes her! She even had a few ads of Su Mucheng hanging on her wall!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? It doesn’t like look they’re gone now.” Ye Xiu recalled.</p>
    <p>“You’ve been in Guo Guo’s room?” Tang Rou was astonished.</p>
    <p>“Once, when I helped bring her a blanket.” Ye Xiu immediately explained in order to avoid her making the mistake that he was some kind of guy that looked to steal stuff from a girl’s room.</p>
    <p>“Oh, she fell asleep on the sofa again?” Tang Rou was experienced.</p>
    <p>“Yeah, is she always like that?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Pretty much everyday. She’s probably sleeping on the sofa right now……” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Shouldn’t you go check on her?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You’re fine?”</p>
    <p>“Me? Do you really think I’m not?” Ye Xiu asked a question in reply.</p>
    <p>“They……”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha. It was just a small scene. I can sail against any strong storm!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“Then that’s good.” Tang Rou said and went upstairs. Ye Xiu watched her back and smiled. This girl had a good heart. She was even afraid that he wasn’t feeling good and talked about this and that to accompany him for a bit.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou went up and came back down after a short while. After coming over, she declared: “My guesses were correct. She was asleep on the sofa.”</p>
    <p>“Tsk tsk.” Ye Xiu sighed. His hands were already focused on playing the game.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou also continued to run the dungeon non-stop. After quietly playing for awhile, she suddenly asked: “Will they come back later?”</p>
    <p>“No.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why? I feel that because they know that you’re here as a Cafe manager……” Tang Rou didn’t finish. She knew that Ye Xiu also saw those people’s true intentions. When those people saw Ye Xiu, they wanted to go to a computer station even more. They would have used the opportunity to order him about as a servant in the Internet Cafe.</p>
    <p>“Because it’s not convenient.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why is it not convenient?” Tang Rou didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“Think about it. If a professional sports star randomly appeared on a crowded field, what do you think would happen?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh……”</p>
    <p>“It’s the same. The Internet Cafe is a place where many Glory players gather. If they randomly appeared here, what would happen? Wouldn’t there be a crowd around them? They’d be even more bothered by it than me.” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“I understand.” Tang Rou immediately thought of the four guys from before who had first looked around to see if anyone was there.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry about this. Hurry up and level.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I’m Level 20.” Tang Rou announced.</p>
    <p>“Oh?” Ye Xiu turned his head. Soft Mist had already reached Level 20.</p>
    <p>“Change classes and then go to Frost Forest.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
