<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1624 - No Longer Alone</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1624 - No Longer Alone</h1>
    <p>His best friend was proud of him, but what about Qiao Yifan himself?</p>
    <p>He was calm.</p>
    <p>He was considered a major threat by Glory’s number one. Perhaps this might’ve had him shaking in excitement back when he was just a no name player in Tiny Herb, but now it wouldn’t.</p>
    <p>Because this was the battlefield, and there was no such thing as being of a higher or lower standing here, only victory and defeat. On the battlefield, you should be focused on one thing: how to claim victory. This was something he had learned from Glory’s number one, the other Glory’s number one.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash leaped back, dodging the first wave of Cloud Piercer’s bullets. Zhou Zekai had Cloud Piercer continue his advance, but that was when he suddenly realized something.</p>
    <p>They had neglected to consider Qiao Yifan, but was Qiao Yifan the only one they had missed? Wasn’t there another member of Happy that had yet to appear? Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash was here, so what about the other one?</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer suddenly jumped up, turning his body around in the air, continuing his attack as he scanned the area.</p>
    <p>Fwoosh!</p>
    <p>A pure white flame lit up the area he just jumped away from.</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire, as expected!</p>
    <p>As he spun, he searched for the quickly fading glimmer of holy light that marked the use of Sacred Fire. Though it was weak, it stood out in this dim lighting of the warehouse.</p>
    <p>It wasn’t just Qiao Yifan who had come, but also Happy’s healer, An Wenyi, and his Cleric, Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>1v3? That was just now! It was now a 3v3, and Happy had a healer.</p>
    <p>However, whether Qiao Yifan or An Wenyi, their reputation couldn’t compare to any of the three members of Samsara. In terms of strength, as well, they were at a disadvantage. Even if they had a healer, this wasn’t necessarily an advantage.</p>
    <p>Still, compared to before, this was already a massive difference, especially with how Happy’s two had suddenly launched their assault when Ye Xiu most needed it, completely destroying Samsara’s rhythm.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang had lost their camera sight, having been blinded, but that didn’t mean that the team chat would disappear as well. They soon got the gist of the current situation from Zhou Zekai in the team chat.</p>
    <p>No matter what, leaving the Dark Boundary was their current top priority, but even for pro players, being blinded made it nigh impossible to accurately orient themselves. Sun Xiang’s One Autumn Leaf had just finished a Dragon Breaks the Ranks, which brought him near to the edge of the Dark Boundary. Unfortunately, it also brought him to the trash room wall and he couldn’t move forward anymore, not even a step. This direction wouldn’t provide an out to the Dark Boundary. Luckily, Sun Xiang had a vague impression of the area, so he had One Autumn Leaf turn. Even without being able to see anything, One Autumn Leaf still managed a perfect 180-degree turn.</p>
    <p>These seemingly insignificant details were a great indicator of a player’s skill. Those who understood sighed in admiration, yet then Lord Grim flicked his arm and sent a grenade One Autumn Leaf’s way.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang couldn’t see, so he had no idea that Ye Xiu was taking advantage of his blindness. The watching Samsara members wanted nothing more than to charge up there and warn him, but then there was a bang and a rumbling explosion. Zhou Zekai had gotten Cloud Piercer to destroy the grenade.</p>
    <p>In the end, not only did the grenade not hit One Autumn Leaf, the explosion it made even acted like a guide for Sun Xiang. Although relying on sound meant that he wasn’t as precise as he would’ve liked, One Autumn Leaf did head in Lord Grim’s direction, Evil Annihilation levered in front of him. Even blinded, he never lost his offensive pose.</p>
    <p>Boom…</p>
    <p>But immediately afterwards, One Autumn Leaf was consumed by light and fire. Ye Xiu had opened fire with the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella again. Anti-Tank Missiles used the boom of the grenade as cover to fly at One Autumn Leaf. The two weren’t that far away, so even if Zhou Zekai wanted to warn him in the team chat, it would be too late. One Autumn Leaf still ended up hit and staggered back several steps from the explosion. While blinded, it was already impressive that he could keep his balance, but his sense of direction was completely shot.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai wanted to send messages to guide him, but he didn’t have a chance. His split in attention had Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash safely finishing the cast of a boundary. Then when he tried to go and help, One Inch Ash’s phantom ghost’s power fell and a chill instantly spread into a boundary. He had summoned an Ice Soul, Ice Boundary.</p>
    <p>Crack crack crack…</p>
    <p>The sound of ice crystals breaking crawled up Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves, freezing him solid.</p>
    <p>Originally, Jiang Botao was in a better situation than Sun Xiang. At the very least, he didn’t get blocked by a wall. After being blinded, he had Empty Waves back up rapidly. With just a few more leaps until the edge of the boundary, he was hit with One Inch Ash’s Ice Boundary and just happened to get frozen, too, stopping him within the Dark Boundary.</p>
    <p>Blinded and immobilized, Jiang Botao had basically been taken out of the game for now. Zhou Zekai’s Cloud Piercer turned to attack One Inch Ash again, but this time Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim leaped at that heap of trash, drawing his sword in midair and striking.</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer bent backwards to dodge the sword light, a grenade already heading for the leaping Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>But Ye Xiu didn’t have Lord Grim dodge. With a flash of light, he sheathed his sword, and the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella became tonfas. Lord Grim’s body trembled…</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The explosion enveloped Lord Grim, but was unable to stop his leap.</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had activated this skill for Lord Grim and brute forced his way through. As for the damage, he didn’t care, because he was no longer fighting solo. An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands darted forward and sent Lord Grim a Holy Cure without any hesitation.</p>
    <p>Pure white light enveloped Lord Grim before blooming outwards. This was the visual effect of a critical heal, even managing to overpower the visual effect of the explosion for a moment.</p>
    <p>Twenty-four percent!</p>
    <p>This instant cast, high healing Holy Cure with a lengthy cooldown of five minutes had crit and restored Lord Grim’s health by twenty-four percent instantly, making Samsara’s three’s efforts seem insignificant. They had struggled with Lord Grim for so long, only managing to take out forty-eight percent of his health. Now half of that had been annihilated by a single Holy Cure from An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands. The Samsara fans could practically feel their hearts breaking.</p>
    <p>With Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim advancing forcefully, Zhou Zekai’s Cloud Piercer had no choice but to retreat. He had an important task right now: protect Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang’s characters the best he could. He couldn’t let them fall completely into One Inch Ash’s boundaries.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash was casting again. Zhou Zekai could see that. Without caring about his own situation, Cloud Piercer’s gun aimed towards One Inch Ash. Unexpectedly, Lord Grim’s form darted forth in front of him, using his body to block his attack, courageous and fearless.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai had no time for playing games with him. Cloud Piercer rolled to the side, once again putting One Inch Ash into the line of fire.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>The gunshot rang out but Zhou Zekai then saw the bullet bounce. Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella had stretched over, open, knocking the bullet away.</p>
    <p>However, Cloud Piercer had two guns. His right gun might have been sealed, but what about the left.</p>
    <p>The mouth of his left gun was outside of Myriad Manifestations Umbrella’s block, but… he couldn’t see!</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>The gun went off without being able to aim properly, Zhou Zekai could only wager a guess.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, this bullet didn’t hit, heading somewhere at least three body units away from One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>Whirlwind Kick!</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai ignored the result of that shot and quickly had Cloud Piercer kick out.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had already changed the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella into its shield form, so the class was switched to Priest as well. Reinforced Iron Bones was a Fighter skill, so it lost its effect under the Priest Class.</p>
    <p>In that moment, Zhou Zekai still had such a clear judgement. He didn’t panic at all due to the disadvantageous situation.</p>
    <p>This kick still ended up blocked by Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, but then Cloud Piercer’s left hand gun, Shattered Frost, erupted with gunfire!</p>
    <p>Whirlwind Kick had two goals. One was to try and swept Lord Grim to the side, the other was that the downwards leaning movement gave him a small window to strike.</p>
    <p>Just one glance and it was enough for Zhou Zekai to lock onto his target.</p>
    <p>Whirlwind Kick and his view of One Inch Ash were quickly blocked by the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, but in that moment, he had locked One Inch Ash’s position into his mind. Cloud Piercer’s left hand was extremely steady. Even though Zhou Zekai couldn’t see, he knew that his gun was aimed at One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>A gunshot, and then the bullet flew, just brushing past the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella.</p>
    <p>This was just a normal attack, but it was enough to interrupt any casting.If the caster moved or was hit, the casting would be interrupted.</p>
    <p>There was enough time!</p>
    <p>From the Phantom Ghost’s Power coming off of One Inch Ash’s blade, Zhou Zekai could tell he was summoning a Silence Boundary.</p>
    <p>Silence Boundary sealed the skills of the characters that were caught within. With such a disgusting effect, it was obviously counted as a high level skill, and thus the cast time was longer.</p>
    <p>However… the flashes of light that rose soon after told Zhou Zekai, he had still failed. His bullet hadn’t hit.</p>
    <p>Silence Boundary was similar to Dark Boundary, but the visual effects were more intense, making it murky inside the boundary. It couldn’t blind people, but this murkiness made things hard to see.</p>
    <p>Dark Boundary, Ice Boundary, Silence Boundary, three overlapping boundaries. They couldn’t see, couldn’t move, and now they couldn’t even use any skills, only normal attacks.</p>
    <p>However, Zhou Zekai couldn’t help them. Ye Xiu didn’t want him interrupting One Inch Ash just now, which was why he was on the defensive, getting in the way all the time. Now, with Silence Boundary out, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was immediately thrust forward at his face.</p>
    <p>Shield Attack!</p>
    <p>This skill had a Dizzy effect, so even if it didn’t deal damage, it was a bad idea to take it. Cloud Piercer hurriedly rolled to the side and glanced towards One Inch Ash, seeing Little Cold Hands standing guard there. It seemed that Little Cold Hands had taken the bullet for One Inch Ash just now.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash began to cast a fourth Ghost Boundary.</p>
  </body>
</html>
