<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 121 – Godly Skill</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 121 – Godly Skill</h1>
    <p>The clock hit midnight. Liu Hao sat there like a log of wood in front of his computer. He didn’t move. He didn’t speak. Lord Grim’s message hung there staring at him.</p>
    <p>“How is he going to break my record?” This question kept playing over and over again in Liu Hao’s head. He tossed and turned, but even so, he was still unable to come up with an answer.</p>
    <p>Meanwhile, at Happy Internet Cafe, right when the clock hit midnight, Ye Xiu called Huang Shaotian over: “First come with me for a run. I’ll show you how the strategy works.”</p>
    <p>“Hurrying.” Huang Shaotian was extremely bored.</p>
    <p>Outside of Boneyard were Lord Grim, Cleansing Mist, Soft Mist, Steamed Bun Invasion, and Huang Shaotian’s Level 27 Blade Master: Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>“Use this sword for now.” Ye Xiu traded with Flowing Tree and gave him the Vampiric Lightsaber that Blue River had given him yesterday.</p>
    <p>“Trash.” Huang Shaotian muttered as he received the Level 25 Orange equipment. In the eyes of a top-tier God in the pro-scene like him, Orange weapons were worthless, let alone a Level 25 one. Of course, it would be trash.</p>
    <p>“Stop chattering so much. Hurry up and join the party.” Ye Xiu sent over an invite.</p>
    <p>Flowing Tree joined the party.</p>
    <p>“Head out.” Ye Xiu declared. Lord Grim entered the dungeon, while Flowing Tree followed behind. The other three stared blankly. They hadn’t yet reacted to this Flowing Tree joining the party. They were still waiting for Hateful Sword to appear!</p>
    <p>“We have a new player. This run is mostly to let this new player understood the strategy.” After the five players entered together, Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What about Hateful Sword?” Steamed Bun Invasion had the spirit of loyalty. He cared a lot about his good friend, who sent him quite a few Arena points, “I sent him a message, why didn’t he reply?”</p>
    <p>“He has something on his mind, so he can’t come.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Really, he has no prospects for the future.” Steamed Bun Invasion disdained.</p>
    <p>“Let’s start, let’s start. Let me see your new strategy.” Huang Shaotian said, making everyone who heard know that he was very familiar with Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Who is he?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>“Shaotian.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, don’t reveal my identity!!” Huang Shaotian panicked.</p>
    <p>“Who are you yelling at! Who recognizes you?” Ye Xiu only told Su Mucheng. He was sure that Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t know who he was.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Tang Rou only dully said: “Oh? Your friend!”</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Don’t reveal my identity? I like secrets, are you a Scorpio?” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Pretty close.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Shameful! I’m a Leo.” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion immediately singing: “If you’re born at the end of July, you’re a Leo; if you’re born at the beginning of August, you’re a Leo!”</p>
    <p>“F*CK!” Huang Shaotian yelled.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion still continued: “When we met, if it was an accident; when you left, why couldn’t I let ~~ it ~~ go!” In the end, he asked: “Right?”</p>
    <p>“What’s right?” Huang Shaotian was sucked in.</p>
    <p>“Nice singing.” Cleansing Mist applauded.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was overjoyed: “I’ll sing another two verses for everyone.”</p>
    <p>“Enough, Steamed Bun. I need to explain the dungeon. You can sing for us again later when there’s time.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Steamed Bun Invasion could only agree with difficulty.</p>
    <p>“Watch me!” Ye Xiu began controlling Lord Grim. He gave a demonstration just like how he did in the very beginning.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian deserved to be called a famed blabbermouth in the pro-scene. Following along with Ye Xiu’s playing, he began chattering: “Woah, nice pathing! Shadow Clone Technique? Falling Flower Palm? D*mn, what class are you? Unspecialized? What are you doing? Woah! How’d your weapon transform? It did transform right? Did it transform? Woah! Did you guys see that? His weapon transformed back.”</p>
    <p>“You’re so noisy!!” Su Mucheng yelled.</p>
    <p>Of course, Huang Shaotian had already guessed that this Cleansing Mist was Su Mucheng. He laughed out loud and then whispered to Cleansing Mist: “You played really well tonight. Even though you guys lost, it wasn’t your fault. It was all on that idiot Liu Hao. Woah, there’s a crack here?” Huang Shaotian said while watching Lord Grim send the four monsters into the crack in the stone wall. He immediately shifted his viewpoint and began commentating like a TV anchor.</p>
    <p>“What are you trying to do here?” Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“The three skeletons layer on top of each other when they die, so the zombie won’t be able to come out.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Really?” Huang Shaotian said. His Blade Master Flowing Tree rushed forward. While running, his sword flashed out and a Sword Draw accurately cut the outermost skeleton. Following this, he didn’t use any skills, just normal attacks: stab, slash, scrape, chop, cut.</p>
    <p>But these few normal attacks beautifully flowed together to create a melodic harmony. Even if Tang Rou didn’t have insight into anything else, she still had some towards mechanical skill. After a short while, she discovered that this player’s playing was quite smooth and skilled. Every attack was extremely quick and accurate like a precise machine.</p>
    <p>“This player is amazing!” Tang Rou’s Soft Mist walked over to Cleansing Mist.</p>
    <p>“He is!” Su Mucheng said.</p>
    <p>“I’m coming too!!” It looked like Steamed Bun Invasion couldn’t see it. WIth a loud shout, he rushed up too to help. After a short moment, the first skeleton died. Ye Xiu said that the skeletons had to overlap and naturally, Huang Shaotian understood what to do. Coordinating together, they killed the second and third monsters. The three piles of skeleton bones piled on top of each other. Huang Shaotian looked at the zombie and sure enough, it was trapped inside blindly scratching: “Wow, it really isn’t able to come out? You’re really amazing, so there’s such a method. Like this, we should be able to save around ten seconds!”</p>
    <p>“Yup.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How many of these can be done in this dungeon?”</p>
    <p>“Nine.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Nine, a minute and a half! That can’t be right! Right now, the current record is much faster than just this. What else is there?” Huang Shaotian asked. This was a pro God’s ability to judge. From the time, he could already determine that just relying on this wasn’t enough to set such a record even by a pro-team.</p>
    <p>“The second BOSS can be trapped too.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That can be trapped too? How do you do it? Hurry up, hurry up. Let me see.” Huang Shaotian said, while letting his Flowing Tree rush forward. After running for a few steps, he stopped. He turned around on the spot for two full circles and then asked: “How do we do this part?”</p>
    <p>“Watch me!” Ye Xiu didn’t laugh at him. As a top-tier God, he could calculate the approximate clear time for Boneyard, but the details were a bit blurry. When Ye Xiu was playing in the beginner village dungeons, he was also going through them using guides.</p>
    <p>After demonstrating the strategy along the way, they gradually reached the second BOSS. Tang Rou took note of the time. Even though they were teaching while clearing, their speed was still so quick. When the time came to officially set the record, chasing down those 20 seconds wasn’t a problem at all! However, the second BOSS was still going to be very troublesome!</p>
    <p>“So here, we’ll be fighting like this……” Ye Xiu was at that stone wall explaining while moving and jumping around. Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree looked around left and right and also tried jumping around. In the end, he replied: “You’re right. It can only be done this way.”</p>
    <p>“Soft Mist, you pull.” Ye Xiu instructed.</p>
    <p>“I pull? If I pull, then I won’t be able to rush back in time. I don’t have Shadow Clone Technique!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“You don’t need to rush back. You just have to send the BOSS over, that’s all. There’s a different strategy this time.” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“What strategy?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“I’ll record it and then show you when the time comes.” Ye Xiu said. If Soft Mist pulled the monster, she wouldn’t have enough time to rush back to her position, so she wouldn’t be able to see the whole picture.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Tang Rou replied and then didn’t say anything further. She ran over to pull Zombie Bailey. She knocked it into the sky and then blasted it over. Steamed Bun Invasion was next up. He played quite well and gave the mid-air Zombie Bailey a Knee Attack in the back. Next was Su Mucheng. An Anti-Tank Missile helped push Zombie Bailey farther. This pitiful BOSS directly flew over. Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree was already in place. Right when Zombie Bailey was about to land on the ground, a sword light flashed out. The angle and timing were absolutely perfect. The flying Zombie Bailey was slashed and then redirected. It suddenly stopped for a short time in midair. Flowing Tree had already stepped forward to meet it and used an Upward Slash to lift Zombie Bailey into the air.</p>
    <p>Over there, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had already jumped onto the stone wall and hit the midair Zombie Bailey in front of him. The Thousand Chance Umbrella swooshed out and a chain of bullets flew out. It was unexpectedly the Launcher skill BBQ in midair.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had already begun to fall, but under Ye Xiu’s quick movements, the BBQ bullets all hit the necessary position. Zombie Bailey rolled about in the air until it finally rolled into the crack in the stone wall.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!!” Huang Shaotian yelled, “You deserve to be called the father of Delivery Gun! You’re still the best with that skill. I don’t even think Zhou Zekai could do that mid air Delivery Gun. That guy only knows how to be handsome. Who would actually let him shoot you to high heavens in actual combat?”</p>
    <p>“Oh? It’s not bad!” After Lord Grim landed, Ye Xiu looked up and confirmed that Zombie Bailey was stuck up there and unable to climb out. This set-up made sure that they would succeed on the first try.</p>
    <p>If this was a normal Delivery Gun, there truly wasn’t enough of an angle to complete it. However, when Lord Grim jumped up in this way, the character would reach a certain height, making enough room to use Delivery Gun. However, this angle could only be made with a very short hop. The timing had to be accurately grasped in order to deliver Zombie Bailey into the crack.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng wasn’t quite skilled enough to do this. Only Ye Xiu could do it.</p>
    <p>As for Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree, his role was also extremely important. A normal upward cut had no way of lifting Zombie Bailey to Ye Xiu’s desired position. That was why Sword Draw had to stop Zombie Bailey from flying and then use an Upward Slash to send Zombie Bailey up.</p>
    <p>In order to send it into the desired position, Sword Draw’s timing and the following uppercut had be executed accurately. Fortunately, such timing wasn’t difficult for Huang Shaotian. The harder task was still on Ye Xiu’s instant midair Delivery Gun, that was a true godly skill.</p>
    <p>Seeing Lord Grim and Flowing Tree return, Tang Rou said in amazement: “Done?”</p>
    <p>“Done.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How did you do it?”</p>
    <p>“I’ll show you later. Let’s keep going for now.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The following parts were normal. Who knew how many times faster Huang Shaotian picked things up than Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion. He only needed a few random instructions and then he would know what to do.</p>
    <p>The only annoying part was that this guy really did talk too much. The teacher lectured, but the student talked even more than the teacher. Was such a situation normal?</p>
  </body>
</html>
