<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1560 -  Chat Statistics</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1560 -  Chat Statistics</h1>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain was situated on the left canyon wall.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was situated on the right canyon wall.</p>
    <p>Tyranny could interfere with Su Mucheng’s influence on the left through their usage of the uneven surface of the canyon wall and Dazzling Hundred Blossoms’ light cover. However, there was nothing they could to stop the attacks from Lord Grim’s side.</p>
    <p>Tyranny didn’t make any adjustments.</p>
    <p>The threat posed by the left and right was not equally balanced. In terms of long-ranged capabilities, Dancing Rain’s firepower was more fearsome. Most of Lord Grim’s long-ranged attacks required him to rely on the differences in height to land. This meant that Tyranny was at the very edge of his attack range. These sort of attacks were relatively easy to dodge. The problem was that constantly dodging was tiresome. Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms style was also very mana-hungry. Previously, he had used his skills rather lavishly so that Su Mucheng would not be able to cycle through her skills perfectly. Keeping up this Hundred Blossoms cover would be too wasteful.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui’s trash talk popped up in the public chat during Tyranny’s predicament. In the next second, a few of Tyranny’s players could see him.</p>
    <p>Why only a few?</p>
    <p>Because all five of Tyranny’s players were sticking close to the wall, and the wall was not straight. By moving along the wall, their vision was restricted. Fang Rui had said that he had arrived, but to put it more accurately, his appearance hadn’t been proactive. Rather, it was because Tyranny had constantly been pushing forward. Once they reached this area, Boundless Sea, who had been waiting by the walls of the canyon, could finally see Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had been gathering qi in his palms. The viewers weren’t surprised. They could see the communication between Happy. While Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng had been harrassing Tyranny, they had also been informing Fang Rui of their location. When the time came, Boundless Sea began charging Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow, waiting for Tyranny to enter his range.</p>
    <p>Tyranny appeared.</p>
    <p>So Fang Rui released the qi.</p>
    <p>Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea moved laterally. As a result, the qi that he released moved somewhat differently than when standing. The qi formed a rainbow, but instead of cutting through the sky, it moved along the wall in an arc.</p>
    <p>Pierce through all of Tyranny, skewering them like tanghulu with Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had been charging his attack for a long time. The viewers had noticed it a while ago, but to Tyranny, it was very sudden. The moment Fang Rui typed out his message into the chat, he had already released his attack. This was his usual tactic of using trash talk to distract his opponents. It was inherently different from Huang Shaotian’s trash talk, who did it simply because he was talkative.</p>
    <p>The one at the front of Tyranny’s formation was Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Body block it?</p>
    <p>No.</p>
    <p>The class advancement skill, Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow, had even higher piercing power than the Launcher’s Laser Beam. Unless he had a shield or if the teammates behind him wouldn’t be hit by the attack, there was no way for him to lower the destructiveness of the attack.</p>
    <p>Don’t block it?</p>
    <p>If he didn’t block it, then his only option was to dodge it? But would the others behind him be able to react in time?</p>
    <p>Because of their formation, Desert Dust was blocking everyone’s line of sight. Han Wenqing could see the arc of the Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow vividly, but the others behind him might not be able to. It was very possible that they were looking around trying to find where that dirty bastard was!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui’s choice in positioning and timing was dripping with dirtiness.</p>
    <p>It was dirty to the point that normal viewers weren’t even aware of the dirtiness. Only the experts who put themselves in Tyranny’s position would know just how disgusting this attack was.</p>
    <p>Perhaps taking the hit would be the wisest choice. At the very least, they would be able to maintain their formation… that was what many pro players believed. Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust stepped to the side though, dodging the attack.</p>
    <p>Behind him, Dark Thunder also stepped to the side.</p>
    <p>Behind Dark Thunder, Immovable Rock stepped to the side.</p>
    <p>Then, River Sunset.</p>
    <p>And finally, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s chat was completely clean, but all of Tyranny reacted nearly simultaneously and stepped to the side, dodging the Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow!</p>
    <p>This was a silent trust, trust that the person at the front, their captain Han Wenqing, would never make a meaningless move.</p>
    <p>It was a trust that everyone would act promptly and effectively to not delay the next player’s action.</p>
    <p>And just like this, the dirty attack had been avoided through the tacit coordination between Tyanny’s team members.</p>
    <p>Throughout this process, there had been no communication through the chat. Not even an exclamation point.</p>
    <p>The Alliance had a stat specifically to track how many messages each team sent every match. Of the twenty teams in the Alliance, Tyranny typed the fewest words, whether it was in the team or the public chat.</p>
    <p>The team chat was mainly used to communicate information and strategies between team members. Less communication in the team chat meant a higher level of team synergy. The messages would be short and precise. Tyranny’s current line up had only been created last season, yet they had already reached such a high level of synergy. Much of it had to do with the experience and awareness of the old generals that supported the team.</p>
    <p>This statistic had become a measure of a team’s strength. Behind Tyranny in terms of messages in the team chat was the defending champion, Samsara, and then Tiny Herb. All of them were top teams.</p>
    <p>There were exceptions, of course.</p>
    <p>Such as Team Thunderclap. Their performance in the regular season had been outstanding, but for them, not only did the number of messages in the team chat not decrease, it increased. This was because Xiao Shiqing’s shotcalling had become more detailed.</p>
    <p>Another notable example was Team Blue Rain, but that was because of a very obvious reason. This statistic for Blue Rain was skewed heavily because of a certain outlier.</p>
    <p>Apart from that, there was the statistics for the number of messages in the public chat.</p>
    <p>The public chat was used as communication between the competing teams, which mostly consisted of trash talk. This statistic was more dependent on the personalities of the individual players and didn’t reflect a team’s strength. Of course, for the same reason, this statistic for Blue Rain was heavily skewed.</p>
    <p>In comparison, the team chat statistic for Happy was very average. Their communication wasn’t as concise as those of the top teams, but it also wasn’t as noisy as those of most new teams. On the other hand, for the public chat statistic, Happy was in the top three. It could be seen that their talent for trash talk wasn’t low!</p>
  </body>
</html>
