<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 120 – Who Taught You How to Play?</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 120 – Who Taught You How to Play?</h1>
    <p>The majority of Happy Internet Cafe’s customers left. This match wasn’t as good as the last’s. Last time, even though they only obtained three points, the 1v3 in the Group Arena made everyone extremely excited and hopeful. But this time, everyone could only silently watch as their chances at victory were destroyed by mistakes that shouldn’t have happened. The majority of the customers were no longer in the mood to play games and all left.</p>
    <p>The Internet Cafe turned quieted down a lot. Chen Guo instructed the employees to clean up and was also gloomy. Tang Rou wasn’t affected by the loss. She didn’t care who won or lost. She only saw that Chen Guo wasn’t happy, so she accompanied her. The two beauties whispered in each other’s ears. Once the Internet Cafe was cleaned up, Chen Guo’s mood turned better. After showing her concern for the two all-nighters, she went back to her room to sleep.</p>
    <p>“When are we going to break another record?” Tang Rou asked Ye Xiu. To Tang Rou, setting these types of records made her extremely happy. She liked this type of challenge.</p>
    <p>“Tonight!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Tonight? What dungeon?” Tang Rou was puzzled.</p>
    <p>“Boneyard!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Boneyard, that dungeon…….. Didn’t you say we were close enough?” Tang Rou didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“Yesterday was close enough. But who knows about today?” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>At this moment, it was already 11 o’clock. After the other employees finished cleaning up, they all went back home. More than half of the customers, the ones who weren’t going to stay up all-night, also left. In the Internet Cafe, besides the tapping of keyboards and clicking of mice, were the voices of players playing Glory. There were laughs and there were curses. Suddenly, someone yelled out in surprise: “D*mn, the dungeon record was broken again! Who the h*ll are playing in the tenth server!!!”</p>
    <p>After hearing this, Tang Rou was stunned. She looked at Ye Xiu. This cry also alarmed quite a few players in the Internet Cafe. Several tenth server players began discussing it with their in-game friends or with other players in the Internet Cafe. Tang Rou around to investigate and then went back to report to Ye Xiu: “It’s the Boneyard record. It’s that Excellent Dynasty again.”</p>
    <p>“Oh? How much faster?”</p>
    <p>“16:56:78.” Tang Rou was quite sensitive towards records. After seeing it, she remembered it.</p>
    <p>“Oh, not bad!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What now?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“We’re going to set it again tonight.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“But, 20 seconds…… what are we going to do?” Tang Rou only knew that their record only had Steamed Bun Invasion’s mistake. But even if that mistake wasn’t there, the record would have only been faster by three or four seconds. Right now, the records was 20 seconds faster. Tang Rou didn’t know where they could improve on.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry about it!” Ye Xiu seemed as if he knew what to do.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was about to ask again when suddenly, a figure appeared outside the Internet Cafe. The figure’s hands were in his or her pockets and the person wore a hoody. The figure looked as if he or she were scrunched up in a ball. The mysterious figure looked stealthily left and right towards the Internet Cafe and looked like one of those people who was about to commit a crime. Tang Rou immediately stopped herself from speaking, gesturing at Ye Xiu to look at the suspicious figure. In the end, when her gaze shifted over, that person saw her, turned around and then immediately ran off.</p>
    <p>“Who was that?” Tang Rou was quite brave. She went out the door and looked. She saw the figure running in the distance still with his or her head facing towards her. When the figure saw Tang Rou rush out, the figure immediately turned around and ran off.</p>
    <p>“Cough, what was that?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“That guy was weird.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Did the guy run?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah.”</p>
    <p>“Then, let’s just ignore him. You go log-in to the game and call for Steamed Bun.”</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Tang Rou replied. She then went to her usual all-nighter spot.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu continued to keep watch at the reception desk. He didn’t enter the game and appeared to be waiting for something. After quite a long while, that suspicious figure paced back and forth outside of the Internet Cafe entrance again until the figure saw Ye Xiu at the reception desk. After Ye Xiu nodded his head, the figure let out a sigh and then entered. The figure was still extremely alert and kept his or her head hidden deep in his or her coat. Stealthily looking around, the figure carefully walked towards the reception desk.</p>
    <p>“Are you by yourself?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Do you think I’d pull along the entire team?” The person said.</p>
    <p>“Sneaking around here and there, you look like a thief.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How can I not be careful. This is an Internet Cafe. It’s so dangerous. I’m not like you. I have a lot of fans. I was almost recognized just now. Luckily, I ran away pretty quickly.” The person said.</p>
    <p>“Come on. That girl is from the Internet Cafe. She thought you were a thief. Even if you came here normally, she still wouldn’t recognize you.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Really?” The person doubted him.</p>
    <p>“Would you like me to call her over?”</p>
    <p>“It’s fine, it’s fine! Lay low! Lay low!” The person said.</p>
    <p>“Area A Number 1. There’s no one in that area. You should go sit over there!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“And you?” The person asked.</p>
    <p>“I have to keep watch here! I’m on the night shift!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why do you have to be so hard on yourself? It’s not like your skill dropped after retiring, no? Oh and speaking of that, why’d you suddenly retire?” The asked.</p>
    <p>“First help me set this record and then we’ll chat.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, I get a couple hundred thousand for every match. And now I’m helping people set a record for Boneyard. Don’t tell anyone! If you tell, I’ll kill you.” The person grumbled.</p>
    <p>“Area A Number 1. It’s over there.” Ye Xiu gave him the directions.</p>
    <p>“Can I have something to eat? I haven’t eaten all night.” The person said.</p>
    <p>“Come, here’s some Zha cai for you to eat!” Ye Xiu threw a bag of food at him.</p>
    <p>“F*ck that!” The person refused to eat it.</p>
    <p>“Ham sausage?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Forget about it.” The picky-eater went off to Area A.</p>
    <p>The smoking area was usually more lively late at night. The other non-smokers were mostly placed in Area C and Area A wasn’t usually open late at night. The lights weren’t even on there. After running over, this person discovered that it was so dark that he wasn’t able to find the power button for the computer. Grumbling, he ran back to Ye Xiu to complain.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu took a flashlight and went over to look for his computer.</p>
    <p>After the person sat down, the person looked around left and right. This area really was unoccupied. The person stretched. The person didn’t need to be so careful and hidden. The computer turned on and the light shone off of the person’s face. If any Glory fan saw the person’s face, they would immediately recognize the person: Glory’s top-tier Blade Master, Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>Swiping his card, he immediately entered the tenth server. He was using a Level 27 account. After sending Lord Grim an invite, he began to complain again: “Helping you set a record, fine. But you didn’t even have an account to give me. You even needed me to go find one myself.”</p>
    <p>“It should be easy for you to find an account.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Level 27 Blade Master……. After using it, I won’t be using it again. I can’t leave any proof. It’s shameful, too shameful.” Huang Shaotian messaged.</p>
    <p>“You first go play for a bit. We don’t have any entries left here. I’ll call you over at 12.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Play, what the f*ck is there to play here?” Huang Shaotian replied.</p>
    <p>In the end, Ye Xiu didn’t reply. Huang Shaotian took his Level 27 Blade Master and strolled around, not knowing what to do. He checked the new server’s dungeon record and was startled. Frost Forest was already astonishing, but this Boneyard was too ridiculous! This record. He didn’t even know if his Blue Rain’s main team could set it.</p>
    <p>He immediately sent a message to Lord Grim: “F*ck me, how did you set this record??? Why is it so high?”</p>
    <p>“New strategy.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“New strategy? What new strategy?” Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“Boneyard’s new strategy.”</p>
    <p>“There’s a new strategy for this? Who’d be so bored to research a new strategy?”</p>
    <p>“…….”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha, it wasn’t you right?”</p>
    <p>“…….”</p>
    <p>“You’ve fallen! You’ve completely fallen! You ran to the new server to do records and you even need to research new strategies? How bored are you!?”</p>
    <p>“You really talk a lot.”</p>
    <p>“Ai ai ai, I am safe here right? Will there still be other customers coming here at night? Right now I’m afraid that someone’s going to recognize me. If someone found out that I was setting a record for Boneyard, what would happen if that got out?” Huang Shaotian replied extremely quickly. Pro-player, his hand speed was even faster than his mouth. Using messages to chat was even faster than talking with his mouth.</p>
    <p>In the end, Ye Xiu didn’t reply once again. Ye Xiu was busy too! Right when he was online, Blue River sent a message expressing that his inability to understand how the new record was possible. He truly couldn’t imagine that such an amazing record could be beaten by over 20 seconds.</p>
    <p>“I’m going to set it back.” Lord Grim replied, which made Blue River crumble even further. How, how could the record be even faster?</p>
    <p>On the other side, Liu Hao, who had been impatiently waiting for Lord Grim to come online, once again put on an act with his Hateful Sword. He contained his happiness and sent a message to Lord Grim: “God, our record got broken, did you see it?”</p>
    <p>“I saw it.”</p>
    <p>“Wasn’t our record already really high? How could it be broken again!”</p>
    <p>“You don’t know?”</p>
    <p>“I don’t know!”</p>
    <p>“Because you weren’t going all out!”</p>
    <p>Liu Hao stared blankly. In this moment, he felt as if a surge of electricity shocked him, from his toes to his head.</p>
    <p>“I tried my hardest……” Liu Hao typed out this message with difficulty.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha, using a Berserker. You think that you can hide from me by hiding your strength? Liu Hao, did you forget who taught you how to play?”</p>
    <p>“F*CK!!!!!!”</p>
    <p>Broken! The keyboard that he had just replaced had been broken again. It was once again smashed into a slope. At the same time, Liu Hao almost broke his teeth. He utterly couldn’t believe that this was happening.</p>
    <p>Spending so much effort, putting on an act, leveling his Level 24 account to Level 27, distracting him so much that he even forgot about the official match. He had originally been waiting for the day when he would reveal his identity. He was waiting to see Ye Qiu’s shock and anger. He was waiting to see this guy stamped so hard under his foot that he would never be able to get back up.</p>
    <p>But in the end…… he had already known about it? When did he find out? How did he know? Liu Hao really wanted to know. But he couldn’t get the words out. Lord Grim’s message rigidly stopped right there. There was nothing else after it.</p>
    <p>But, even so, how was he going to improve the record? What other methods did he have to improve the time? Liu Hao felt that there wasn’t any other method. He was also a pro-player. For this dungeon, he had also done quite a bit of the research himself, except he hadn’t been able to come up with anything new. From his view, this new strategy was already the limit. He couldn’t think of any other way to improve the strategy. In order to improve the record, besides skill, there was only equipment.</p>
    <p>In the new server, equipment wasn’t something that could be improved upon in one or two days. As for skill……. Liu Hao’s team of pro-players was at the limit! They had even succeeded in trapping Zombie Bailey on the first try. Even if Ye Xiu could duplicate their performance, it would still be extremely close. Where did he have the confidence that he’d definitely beat his record?</p>
  </body>
</html>
