<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1266: The True Assassin</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1266: The True Assassin</h1>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry!</p>
    <p>Fierce, fast; accurate, steady.</p>
    <p>The first punch knocked askew Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf. The second punch forced Huang Shaotian to stop his Troubling Rain and parry instead of rescuing Swoksaar. The third punch forced Demon Subduer, chasing up from behind Desert Dust, to dodge and retreat.</p>
    <p>Only Han Wenqing could play such a shrewd and precise Ferocious Tiger Flurry, forcing these three top Gods to instantly stop and defend, parry, dodge.</p>
    <p>It interfered with what they had each been planning to do. Even though it was just an instant, it was enough for Team B.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou, the one with the title of "crippled hands" in this professional circle. And now, he had to face Lord Grim, the unspecialized with an incomparably rapid attack rhythm, the Magician, whose unpredictable changes were incredibly difficult to grasp, as well as the Launcher and the Elementalist, the mightiest AoE attackers…</p>
    <p>He didn't panic, he still maintained his calm, but calm was not a panacea. Although he swiftly and clearly judged the situation on the field, this didn't necessarily mean that he had a way of solving it.</p>
    <p>By this point, Team B's strategic planning was entirely clear. Ye Xiu was Team B's metronome. Every step he took directed Team B's attack direction and rhythm changes as a whole. And Wang Jiexi was the one who ultimately set the scene. He used his long-sealed Magician playstyle to instantly throw Team A into chaos, creating many gaps in their team coordination. At this time, Team A was full of openings to attack. If these couldn't be seized, then these people wouldn't be called the top Gods at the summit of Glory. </p>
    <p>So at the end, the firepower transferred to Yu Wenzhou. Four attackers, two close-range, two long-range, against a Warlock, a Warlock who in terms of hand speed had absolutely no way of keeping up with anyone on the battlefield.</p>
    <p>"You guys are too cruel…" All Yu Wenzhou could do, perhaps, was smile bitterly and raise a slight objection to these fierce players.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing couldn't hold off those three people forever, but just this slight delay helped his four teammates gain the opportunity to focus on one target. What kind of fury could they unleash? Adding onto the fact that Yu Wenzhou's defensive ability was a bit weak, Swoksaar's fall would only take a matter of seconds.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain was the first to break free of Desert Dust's interference.</p>
    <p>Rescue!</p>
    <p>This was his instinctive judgment and reaction to seeing Swoksaar suffering from that powerful offensive. Troubling Rain had already stepped forward, but at this moment, Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer suddenly turned fire, sending bullets toward Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain's steps suddenly stopped.</p>
    <p>A trade!</p>
    <p>He instantly understood Zhou Zekai's intentions. In a situation without a healer, saving Swoksaar now was already basically impossible. It would be better to focus his attacks onto Desert Dust. Whether they could besiege their opponent enough to save their own teammate, or complete the trade, both were acceptable outcomes.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian immediately halted his instinctive reaction. The fact that Swoksaar was surrounded didn't cause him in the slightest to impulsively charge in. After all, he was the most brutal opportunist in Glory. From a certain standpoint, he was in reality very cold, ruthless, and tenacious, because only like someone like that could he seize the deadliest opportunities.</p>
    <p>His sword light flashed toward Desert Dust. Team A's players instantly completed a surrounding formation toward Desert Dust. A 1v3 was impossible on this sort of beautiful stage; Han Wenqing had already performed to the best of his ability, and now, he was being counterattacked to the strongest possible degree.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny's captain would never back down from any challenge.</p>
    <p>One against four? So what.</p>
    <p>Even if facing a hundred thousand enemies, he would not bend!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust did not dodge or hide; he retaliated, he attacked.</p>
    <p>Team B's four players didn't reveal any intent of rescuing him. This was the rhythm of completing a trade. But would this trade be successful?</p>
    <p>A dazzling display of attacks roared forth, Swoksaar's and Desert Dust's health bars plummeted down, but which was faster? The viewers couldn't tell at first, but in an instant, the exchange was just about complete. Swoksaar's health was dropping faster!</p>
    <p>There was nothing they could do about that.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou himself was already inferior in terms of controls, and the Warlock class had low defense and low health, as well as poor survivability against close-range attackers. This sort of situation was much more difficult for him to face. For Han Wenqing, on the other hand, the Striker class was a powerful close-range attacker, and Reinforced Iron Bones once activated could greatly increase defense. If it had to be called a little unfair, that would be the fault of Han Wenqing's stubbornness. In a situation like this, many other players would probably be a bit more flexible, more compromising.</p>
    <p>Team B took the initiative, and their attack rhythms were faster by just that step. Team A had to be complimented for their ability to keep up so well that the speeds were difficult to distinguish. Plus, in terms of damage output, Team B had four people and had the advantage in that respect as well.</p>
    <p>But ultimately, Swoksaar still fell first. Team A's attacks instantly became even more crazily fierce.</p>
    <p>Fall!</p>
    <p>The final attack landed, but a white light flashed upon Desert Dust's body. He didn't fall!</p>
    <p>"Damn couldn't you take it a little easier do you think I'm Zhang Xinjie!!!" Ye Xiu shouted. This flash of white light had of course come from Lord Grim's instant-healing Cure skill, but like he said, he wasn't Zhang Xinjie, Lord Grim didn't have as powerful and specialized a healing ability as Immovable Rock, and he couldn't instantly bring up Desert Dust's health very far. Preventing Desert Dust from falling with that final attack was already the limit of what he could do.</p>
    <p>The four from Team B who had taken care of Swoksaar now came to rescue. Lord Grim healed, and Vaccaria, Dancing Rain, and Windy Rain, those three powerful characters, were already firing.</p>
    <p>Retreat for now, or force the kill?</p>
    <p>Team A once again faced a difficult decision. Team B had surrounded them and were attacking ferociously. If they didn't retreat, this was the rhythm of everyone falling.</p>
    <p>And so Team A chose to retreat, as after all this was a battle with no healer. Sacrificing too much health to kill a target wasn't worth it, and the remaining attacking party at low health could be swiftly defeated. Even though Team B had Lord Grim, the unspecialized's healing ability was truly just a drop in the bucket. There was no way for him to heal Desert Dust to any significant point, and under a powerful barrage of attacks, he likely couldn't even complete another life-saving heal at a critical point.</p>
    <p>Team A's characters retreated and scattered, but these were only three characters. Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer was a Sharpshooter and had been attacking from a long-ranged position. Team B had shifted targets to save Han Wenqing from the encirclement, but their attack range couldn't catch Cloud Piercer's position. It seemed that Zhou Zekai wanted to keep attacking to deal with Han Wenqing once and for all, and that was exactly what he was doing.</p>
    <p>And just as Cloud Piercer prepared to continue his fierce shooting, Lord Grim flashed before him.</p>
    <p>In the end, Team B didn't let Team A squeeze through this gap. Zhou Zekai didn't have the chance to fire before he was interrupted. The rest of them immediately gave Ye Xiu a helping hand, and Cloud Piercer seemed to have become Team B's next target.</p>
    <p>But no one, including his own teammates on Team A, expected what happened next: Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain, just after escaping from Team B, immediately turned around and charged back.</p>
    <p>Shadow Steps!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain instantly split into seven images, opening the path with Triple Slash, numerous silhouettes darted forward, target: Desert Dust!</p>
    <p>The cheers of the crowd seemed to have fallen silent… </p>
    <p>Team B killed Swoksaar and returned to save Desert Dust. One wave of high excitement had just barely passed and they were already regrouping and preparing for the next offensive. Everyone's hearts had just barely relaxed from the nervousness when, all of a sudden, Huang Shaotian shot forward like a cold arrow.</p>
    <p>This opportunity seized was truly… too fierce…</p>
    <p>The silhouettes flashed, Troubling Rain's sword finally pierced through Desert Dust. That tyrannical King of Fighting, who never backed down in the face of hundreds of thousands of enemies, didn't fall under the powerful encirclement of four enemies, but fell under the cold blade of an assassin.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian, Troubling Rain. Even though he wasn't of the Assassin class, he was a true assassin.</p>
    <p>"Holy fuck!"</p>
    <p>The viewers felt their hearts go cold, and all sorts of swears came out in the live stadium. Some were from the sheer shock of this sudden attack, some were from unhappiness at Desert Dust's fall as a result of it. This, after all, was Tyranny's home stadium, and Desert Dust was the highest God in their hearts.</p>
    <p>But no matter what, once he fell, there was no way he would be revived. In an instant, the two teams were now equal again. It looked like the players also needed time to process all that had happened just now. Eight characters carefully moved position, facing each other, but for now none of them launched a new offensive. And so Ye Xiu, with nothing else to do, gave the four characters of Team B some Heals to let them slowly recover their health.</p>
    <p>"Damn, are you brave enough not to use healing? Even if your stupid skills help heal they can't heal that much unless you instantly use them at a key moment, do you think that's useful at all do you do you? How much damage do you think one slash of my sword can do? It can completely ignore whatever healing you try to do did you know that? Can't you focus on attacking and not do these sort of stupid complicated cheap tricks that destroy the quality of the match and bring down the standard level of this showdown?" Huang Shaotian hollered.</p>
    <p>In the live audience, in front of the televisions, countless people's mouths twitched.</p>
    <p>This guy's chattiness was a huge obstacle affecting his popularity! That unexpected attack had shaken countless hearts. How many people were still engrossed in that sudden moment! The television broadcast had again split the screen for replay, and the display screens in the stadium gave the same treatment they had for Wang Jiexi's earlier performance - multi-angle replay.</p>
    <p>But just at this moment, Huang Shaotian's own passionate voice was dubbed over, and it was all some nonsense. Everyone was thrown out of the moment okay? Everyone's moods weren't the same anymore, okay? The television broadcast will turn off your replay, okay? Can't you be cool for a bit longer, okay, okay?</p>
    <p>No one had the strength to complain anymore. Someone like this, why did he have to have a bad habit like this? Was there truly no perfect existence in this world?</p>
    <p>Two teams, eight people, waiting there as though they had arranged a meeting. But, in the closest player exchange area, the sixth players of the two teams had already loaded in.</p>
    <p>Team A, Xiao Shiqin, Life Extinguisher.</p>
    <p>Team B, Yu Feng, Blossoming Chaos.</p>
  </body>
</html>
