<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1472 - New Criminal Partners</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1472 - New Criminal Partners</h1>
    <p>If looks could kill, Ye Xiu and his Lord Grim would have been dead by now from the crowd.</p>
    <p>Despite pressure from Huang Shaotian’s and Lu Hanwen’s Blade Master duo, he was still able to find an opening at a crucial moment and complete Happy’s plans. Wasn’t that what it meant to be a core player?</p>
    <p>If the brilliant escape from Formless Phantom Blade could be considered as just dodging an attack, then this time, Yu Wenzhou wouldn’t be able to wave away the play as just landing an attack.</p>
    <p>Anyone could see how fatal it was for Blue Rain to have Soul Speaker flying away at this moment.</p>
    <p>Seeing Soul Speaker tumble helplessly towards the wind zone, Blue Rain’s fans hated how they couldn’t reach out with their hands to help him get back his footing.</p>
    <p>No one could stop it though.</p>
    <p>The stadium was filled with sighs of despair.</p>
    <p>For Blue Rain, the outcome wouldn’t just be the end of this match, but the end of Blue Rain’s season. A powerhouse team making it into the playoffs was nothing noteworthy. They only had one goal: to be the champions. A season, where they didn’t win the championships, was a failure for them.</p>
    <p>Were they actually going to fall in the quarterfinals of the playoffs?</p>
    <p>The match wasn’t over yet, but Blue Rain’s fans were already feeling pessimistic.</p>
    <p>Because no one could stop it from happening.</p>
    <p>Yes, no one.</p>
    <p>But there was the wind.</p>
    <p>When Soul Speaker entered the wind zone, he faced against the wind. As a result, the resistive force of the wind slowed his air speed.</p>
    <p>Chance!</p>
    <p>Countless people cried out in their hearts.</p>
    <p>But in reality, they had no idea if this was an opportunity. They suddenly noticed a difference in how they expected things to turn out, so they thought it was an opportunity.</p>
    <p>And it really was one.</p>
    <p>However, it was different from the surprise the spectators felt. Blue Rain’s players had anticipated this possibility.</p>
    <p>Swoksaar raised his staff.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom, Dancing Rain’s artillery shells flew towards Swoksaar. Su Mucheng wasn’t going to mess up at a critical moment.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Amidst the rumbling smoke from the explosions, Swoksaar’s staff was still flashing with a dark purple light.</p>
    <p>The curse hadn’t been interrupted, meaning Dancing Rain’s attacks hadn’t hit.</p>
    <p>As the smoke dispersed, Troubling Rain’s figure gradually appeared.</p>
    <p>Using your own body to block an attack was as stupid as it got. Perhaps because of how stupid it was, too many people would forget about this option.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian did such a stupid-looking action at this crucial moment. He had let Ye Xiu go and reached Swoksaar’s side to help block the incoming attacks.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t react slowly either. When Troubling Rain suddenly jumped away, he realized something.</p>
    <p>He didn’t block Troubling Rain. Instead, he immediately attacked Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>But he was too late.</p>
    <p>By the time Lord Grim acted, Ye Xiu knew it was too late.</p>
    <p>When Huang Shaotian seized an opportunity, he wouldn’t leave any openings behind. By the time Ye Xiu noticed Troubling Rain’s movements and made a decision, it was too late.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain had been hit, and Swoksaar was hit by Lord Grim’s attack. However, the curse went through.</p>
    <p>Hexagram Prison!</p>
    <p>Swoksaar had unexpectedly cast a Hexagram Prison.</p>
    <p>To seal Boundless Sea? To seal Steamed Bun Invasion?</p>
    <p>These two characters looked as if they could continue their kidnapping of Soul Speaker because the wind had stopped the kidnapping to reach its completion. Had Yu Wenzhou cast a Hexagram Prison to stop one of them?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>When the Hexagram Prison descended, the one locked into place by the six seals was Soul Speaker, Team Blue Rain’s Paladin.</p>
    <p>Everyone was startled, but understood soon afterwards.</p>
    <p>Anything sealed by Hexagram Prison would take no damage, and the prison could not be broken.</p>
    <p>There was only one way to dispel Hexagram Prison: wait until the duration of the curse ended. Even if the caster died, the prison would stay in existence.</p>
    <p>This was the difference between a Warlock and a Mage.</p>
    <p>Mages used mana and incantations to create magic. When the Mage died, their magic would disappear as well. But Warlocks used their mana to create a sort of contract. Even if the Warlock died, the contract would still exist. Thus, the curse would last until the contract’s conditions were fulfilled.</p>
    <p>The Hexagram Prison locked Soul Speaker, but it wasn’t to seal him away, it was to proctect him.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea and Steamed Bun Invasion could attack Soul Speaker, but they would have no way to carry Soul Speaker out further into the wind zone. They could only wait on the side for these 10 seconds and wait for Team Blue Rain to rescue their healer.</p>
    <p>10 seconds. That was how long Swoksaar’s Hexagram Prison lasted.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!” Zheng Xuan was suddenly reinvigorated, after losing a lot of morale from Ye Xiu stopping his attacks. Bullet Rain raised his gun, but then, he saw that Boundless Sea didn’t dodge or let up. It was as if he couldn’t see the Hexagram Prison as he crashed straight into it.</p>
    <p>Crash!</p>
    <p>When Boundless Sea touched the Hexagram Prison, the pillars of light entered his body. In the next instant, Boundless Sea was forcefully dragged inside the prison, right next to Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>Without any hesitation, Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea threw Soul Speaker to the ground.</p>
    <p>Soon afterwards, Steamed Bun Invasion also charged into the Hexagram Prison, locking himself up too. He stomped on Soul Speaker twice.</p>
    <p>The audience was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>This… the old Criminal Partners consisted of Fang Rui’s Thief and Lin Jingyan’s Brawler. Their nickname mainly came from their classes. A Thief and a Brawler. If they weren’t committing crimes, what were they doing?</p>
    <p>But looking at the two criminals in front of them, Fang Rui had switched to a Qi Master, which had zero relationship with criminal activities. Steamed Bun Invasion was a Brawler, but he was a rookie. However, the two of them together were truly criminal to the core. Soul Speaker had been thrown into the Hexagram Prison, and the two of them threw themselves in as well to continue beating him up. It was too evil, too immoral, too criminal!</p>
    <p>That was what the audience thought, but to Blue Rain’s pro players, this was a tactic.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea and Steamed Bun Invasion looked as if they were walking right into a trap, but in this way, no matter what Blue Rain did, the instant the Hexagram Prison disappeared, these two would still be the closest to Soul Speaker. When that time came, the two would still hold the initiative. Would Team Blue Rain be able to immediately stop the two as soon as the Hexagram Prison went away? Probably not. Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu, one far one close, wouldn’t make it easy for them!</p>
    <p>Team Blue Rain’s players laughed bitterly. Yu Wenzhou even more so. He just couldn’t get a handle on those two.</p>
    <p>In any case, Blue Rain still needed to try.</p>
    <p>The two locked by Hexagram Prison had better not think about dodging any attacks. Among the three Blue Rain players who could reach them, just Zheng Xuan’s Spitfire alone could cover both at once.</p>
    <p>However, just attacks alone wouldn’t be able to split those two away from each other!</p>
    <p>Even if an Implosion Grenade was thrown, the two couldn’t be thrown outside of the Hexagram Prison. Their movements would be locked down by Hexagram Prison.</p>
    <p>Right now, they couldn’t do anything. The key moment would come the instant Hexagram Prison dissipated.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s players knew the timing, but Happy probably did too. Data such as the duration of skills couldn’t be hidden.</p>
    <p>Ten. Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain attacked. Swoksaar continued to be suppressed by Dancing Rain. Huang Shaotian and Lu Hanwen continued to be blocked by Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Nine. All of them moved towards the Hexagram Prison at the same time.</p>
    <p>Eight. The same.</p>
    <p>Seven. The same.</p>
    <p>Six. The crowd in the stadium went onto their feet.</p>
    <p>Five. Another second passed.</p>
    <p>Four. Troubling Rain and Flowing Cloud suddenly switched positions.</p>
    <p>Three. Both Blade Masters used Shadow Steps simultaneously, instantly filling the field with nineteen shadows.</p>
    <p>Two. All of the scattered shadows rushed towards the Hexagram Prison.</p>
    <p>One. Lord Grim chased after them and caught the real Flowing Cloud!</p>
    <p>Zero. Hexagram Prison disappeared. In the end, Huang Shaotian was more experienced. His real body was able to escape from Lord Grim’s entanglement.</p>
    <p>Meteor Form!</p>
    <p>Ice Rain swung forward, sword light flying. To stop a target, a skill with a forced knockdown was the most optimal choice.</p>
    <p>Qi Wave Shield!</p>
    <p>But Happy’s two players were ready. Don’t look at how much of a bully the two looked like while in prison. In reality, there was a lot of thought going into it. They had been counting the ten seconds too, or at least, Fang Rui was.</p>
    <p>A Qi Wave Shield was pushed out the instant the Hexagram Prison went away.</p>
    <p>The sword shadows fell onto the Qi Wave Shield. This skill covered a much smaller area, but its defensive capabilities were much higher than Qi Guard. The entirety of Meteor Form was blocked by the Qi Wave Shield.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian wanted to follow with another attack, but Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had reached behind him. Huang Shaotian had paid too much attention to this end and neglected his back. Just when he was about to attack, Troubling Rain was suddenly launched into the air.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>With a Falling Flower Palm, Lord Grim sent Troubling Rain flying and then chased after him. Huang Shaotian had been too focused on the main issue at hand and had neglected Ye Xiu. However, Ye Xiu had also neglected Lu Hanwen to deal with Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>As a result, the moment Huang Shaotian was sent flying, Lu Hanwen also sent Ye Xiu flying.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain flying outwards had interfered with Zheng Xuan though. He had saved up his cooldowns previously. Now, he had fired out all sorts of special bullets with CC effects. Suddenly, a wild Troubling Rain appeared.</p>
    <p>Glory had friendly fire off, but attacks couldn’t just magically teleport past an ally! Huang Shaotian was trying to control his character to not interfere with Zheng Xuan’s offense, but many of the attacks still hit Troubling Rain. These attacks suddenly became like faulty goods, snuffed out without any effects coming out.</p>
    <p>On the other side, when Lu Hanwen had Flowing Cloud hit Lord Grim flying, he had done it with intention, sending Lord Grim crashing towards Boundless Sea and Steamed Bun Invasion. But just as Lord Grim was sent flying away, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella above his head went kakaka into Rotor Wings, and Lord Grim flew away on his own…</p>
  </body>
</html>
