<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1058: New Team Press Conference</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1058: New Team Press Conference</h1>
    <p>Overall, the situation in the Alliance hadn't seen much change. Although Wild Howl had surged up the ranks, the other powerhouses hadn't fallen either. Instead, it was Thunderclap and 301 Degrees that hadn't managed to make it into the playoffs after losing Xiao Shiqin and Xu Bin. Team Hundred Blossoms hadn't been off to a good start, unstable for the first half of the season, but after the update, their performance surged. From the team to the fans, they all exhibited a peak in fighting spirit and performed better and better, eventually catching the last bus to the playoffs.</p>
    <p>With the rankings set in stone for the regular season, the schedule for the playoffs was released. The most intense clash of the first round was the fourth ranked Blue Rain and fifth ranked Tiny Herb. As these two teams were both champion level powerhouses, this clash would doubtlessly be tacked with the tag "pre-finals" or something along those lines. In addition, with the disharmony between the two teams, and the fact that both teams had very amazing rookies, this match was abundant with discussion and content.</p>
    <p>However, if you were talking about hot topics, then the hottest one would definitely be the clash between the first ranked Tyranny and eighth ranked Hundred Blossoms in the first round.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale's arrival at Tyranny upon his return was still being debated about even now. Now, with Zhang Jiale allied to Tyranny and facing the team he had once led, Team Hundred Blossoms, no drama-lover would miss the war that was set to rage.</p>
    <p>The other two battles were Samsara versus Void and Wind Howl versus Misty Rain. Compared to the other two, these matches weren't as hot of a topic, but this was only a comparison. There was no weak team in the playoffs. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>However, there were always tears that had to accompany laughter.</p>
    <p>These eight teams managed to charge into the playoffs, but there were also two teams that had to leave the Alliance. Yet for these weak, relegated teams, not much attention would be given to them except among their fans. Instead, it was the teams that were going to replace them that were hot topics. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Team Myth!</p>
    <p>After being approved by the Alliance, a whole new team was born. They debuted in the Alliance-held press conference on the first day of the new week and enthusiastically expressed their determination and will. In the past, new teams like this would elicit a lot of attention and curiosity, but today, the reporters all hoped that this new team called Myth would finish their rambling and get lost. The team everyone was waiting for was the next team, the team with God Ye Xiu, the team that had miraculously crushed Excellent Era and charged into the Alliance, Happy.</p>
    <p>Under this background, the Q&amp;A session after Team Myth had finished their speech was filled with nothing but very cooperative silence from the reporters. In the end, a few veteran reporters asked a few cliche questions out of courtesy. Team Myth ended up leaving, dispirited, with the Alliance press officer's repeated "are there anymore questions?"</p>
    <p>Yet the moment Myth left, the still and low-spirited reporters suddenly jumped up with enthusiasm. Those who were practically drooling as they napped seemed to shine with the glow of being recharged.</p>
    <p>"It should be Happy now, right? Where are they?"</p>
    <p>Team Myth hadn't even completely left and they saw the response of the reporters, wanting to cry.</p>
    <p>"Ahem… Next, let's welcome Team Happy…" The Alliance press officer continued to act as a host.</p>
    <p>"They're coming, they're coming!!" It didn't need to be mentioned how excited the reporters wer. As soon as Happy's people appeared, flashes enveloped the room. People were taking photos nonstop until Happy sat in their seats, especially for Ye Xiu. Fuck, they hadn't manage to take photos of him for so long; today they were gonna take their fill.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was so blinded by the flashes that he couldn't even open his eyes. Even the Alliance press officer couldn't watch this go on and hurriedly cleared his throat and announced that the press conference was beginning.</p>
    <p>This press conference was an exhibition of the new teams, so all the members would be attending. However, they had to stay within the rules. For example, Su Mucheng couldn't sit onstage at this time. As for Sun Zheping, he had already bid them farewell and left for Heavenly Swords to prepare for the next season and didn't attend either. As for Wu Chen, Ye Xiu and Chen Guo had asked for his opinion and he had expressed that he was satisfied with being able to take part in such a spectacular match. He didn't have any further hopes for the pro league and wished to focus on the guild completely.</p>
    <p>Do you really have no more hopes?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Chen Guo didn't ask that because they knew the answer.</p>
    <p>Wu Chen definitely still hoped he could take part, but he knew what the reality of it was. He wasn't young anymore and not very skilled either. An occasional striking performance meant little. What was more important was that he knew that Su Mucheng would be joining Happy in the next season. Go and fight over this place with the Number One Launcher of the Alliance? Here, Wu Chen let go of it all. He was a player with limited talent. Being able to perform and help out in this high-level and crucial match, helping his team enter the Alliance, that was his peak already. Aiming even higher was too unrealistic for him.</p>
    <p>Wu Chen left the team, but still attended the press conference as Team Happy's guild leader. The Guild Department had always been a very important part of the team and acted as the right and left hands to the team with the R&amp;D Department. Guild leader? A guild leader of any normal guild was nothing impressive, but a guild leader of a club was a very important position.</p>
    <p>Team Happy was onstage and the press conference began. First, was the introduction for the team members. Then, the boss of the team, Chen Guo, who was truly the first in the team, had to say a few words. Since the Alliance had informed them beforehand, they naturally had a speech prepared. However, while Chen Guo might be open and extroverted usually, she was still rather nervous in a situation like this. Yet, reminding herself that she was the boss of the team that defeated Excellent Era, Chen Guo steeled herself.</p>
    <p>Then, the captain would have to say a few words.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, after all these years, finally appeared in an event like this. The flashes immediately started up again.</p>
    <p>Boss Chen Guo represented the club as a whole. Even though this club of theirs didn't have all those individual departments, they were one in name. As for the captain, he represented the team.</p>
    <p>Everyone was eagerly anticipating Ye Xiu's speech! However, as they listened, the reporters with good memories began to scratch their heads.</p>
    <p>"No way, how come this speech sounds so familiar?"</p>
    <p>"Really?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah, I've definitely heard it somewhere. I know it."</p>
    <p>"Pick a few keywords and search it up?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah, that line just now was too familiar. I'll search it up."</p>
    <p>Soon enough, the answer was out. The reporters wanted to cry. Fuck, wasn't this the speech the captain of Team Heavenly Swords had used last year when they entered the Alliance? It's so rare for you to attend a press conference like this; would it kill you to take it a little more seriously?</p>
  </body>
</html>
