<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1221: Lucky Steamed Bun</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1221: Lucky Steamed Bun</h1>
    <p>The crowd clapped!</p>
    <p>The deep mind games and probing from both Ye Xiu and Ge Caijie weren't really understood too well by the crowd, but those who were sitting right spot noticed Lord Grim switching umbrella forms.</p>
    <p>Truthfully, when they saw it, because the movement was too fast, the ones who saw it didn't really know what happened. Luckily, the two players in the match spoke to each other and revealed the important points in the match. As a result, when the reveal came out, quite a few crowd members suddenly remembered and yelled out excitedly, "I saw it! I saw it!"</p>
    <p>They realized that the movement they saw was Lord Grim switching umbrella forms.　　</p>
    <p>"I saw it once!"</p>
    <p>"I saw it twice!"</p>
    <p>"I saw it three times!"</p>
    <p>"Four times!"</p>
    <p>People started competing with each other, and it quickly got to the point where it just became empty shouting. Weapons couldn't be switched too often because there was a cooldown. The Myriad Manifestation Umbrella's most important feature was that switching forms allowed it to bypass this issue. In this 1v1, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella had been switched out at least twice. He had used the Level 70 umbrella at the start of the match, used the Level 5 umbrella when he feigned an opening, and then switched back to the Level 70 one afterwards.</p>
    <p>In any case, Ge Caijie lost the match. This was Happy's home stadium too, so the applause was thunderous. What's more, this was another strong opening, foretelling that Happy's momentum would continue tonight. After achieving a perfect win over Team Miracle in Round 9, who was the happiest about Happy's crazy winning streak? Happy's fans of course! The number of seats filled in Happy's home games increased round after round. More and more people were starting to seriously recognize Team Happy's strength.</p>
    <p>10-0!</p>
    <p>The crowd cheered for a 10-0. For a new team facing a frequent playoffs contender like Void to have shouts for a 10-0, Happy's position in the league nowadays could clearly be seen. Happy could beat Hundred Blossoms 9-1, Misty Rain 10-0, so why couldn't they beat Void 10-0 too? The fans reasoned it in this way.</p>
    <p>However, whether Happy won the second round of the individual competition wasn't something Ye Xiu could influence. Steamed Bun. Team Happy's second player to be sent out was already standing up, jogging excitedly over towards the stage.</p>
    <p>"10-0!" Steamed Bun hollered along with the crowd. The crowd instantly became even more fired up.</p>
    <p>Team Void. Their second player was Li Xun, an Assassin, his character was called Ghost Lantern.</p>
    <p>Li Xun was also a rather popular player. He was currently the only Assassin player who liked to use Life-Risking Strike for a one hit KO. Starting from Season 5, ever since he joined Team Void, he was obsessed with the thrill of an instant kill.</p>
    <p>But he was the only Assassin player like this, which wasn't without reason. In the current state of Glory, the chances of finding an opening for a Life-Risking Strike were becoming smaller and smaller. Even if Li Xun refused to give up on it, he could not stubbornly revolve his entire playstyle around it. Life-Risking Strike was a method only used when he saw an opportunity for it, or perhaps in certain situations, he would be more willing than other Assassins to gamble everything.</p>
    <p>As a result, he wasn't suitable for playing in the group arena, so Li Xun quickly consolidated a spot for himself in the individual competition.</p>
    <p>The second round of the individual competition began. The map was Nine Pine Forest, which had nine pine trees distributed across the map. There was nothing else besides those pine trees. Because it was a 1v1 map, the size of the map was very small, so these nine pine trees filled up a lot of the space, allowing for numerous tactics through their positions.</p>
    <p>But from the looks of these two, it seemed like neither of them had any intentions of finding a strategic spot on a large pine tree. The two ran straight towards the center of the map, where two pine trees neighbored each other, and started fighting.　</p>
    <p>A brick to start with.</p>
    <p>"Old trick!" Li Xun shouted. This Assassin, who loved one hit kills, was also someone who liked to talk. He tried to use words to distract his opponent's attention to make it easier for him to realize his pursuit of a one hit kill. This was the general consensus towards Li Xun's trash talk.</p>
    <p>As for Steamed Bun, from the data on him, initiating with a Brick was practically guaranteed. As someone who liked to trash talk, how could Li Xun not say anything about it?</p>
    <p>"Haha, then do you dare stand there and let me hit you with a brick?" Steamed Bun replied. Steamed Bun's trash talk was always the same, swift responses without any thought behind them. In more normal conversations, he might suddenly say something off the rails. Steamed Bun's trash talk talent was something Li Xun needed. The sort of crazy talk that left the opponent utterly confused was much more effective at diverting the opponent's attention than ordinary trash talk.</p>
    <p>While the two talked, Li Xun's Ghost Lantern dodged the brick and dashed over with a Shining Cut. He was taking the initiative.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun's reaction wasn't slow. He immediately had Steamed Bun Invasion jump back and open his palms.</p>
    <p>Ghost Lantern nimbly leapt to the side to dodge the Sand Toss.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>This was a Ninja skill that could be used as an instant movement skill. All Night Walker classes would want to learn it. Li Xun suddenly used it at this moment, and Ghost Lantern instantly appeared behind Steamed Bun Invasion. The crowd cried out in fear.</p>
    <p>Life-Risking Strike?</p>
    <p>It looked like it could be used, but if Li Xun was so trigger happy with his Life-Risking Strike, Team Void probably wouldn't support his playstyle. Li Xun's Life-Risking Strikes didn't always succeed, but the success rate was relatively high. Team Void could benefit from it, which was why they firmly supported him.</p>
    <p>The match had just begun, and he had gotten behind his opponent with a Shadow Clone Technique. Was he going to use Life-Risking Strike?</p>
    <p>As someone who loved this type of extremely dangerous playstyle, Li Xun was clearly someone who liked to take risks. However, the problem was that using Life-Risking Strike in this situation wasn't a question of risk. Instantly killing a full-health Brawler with a Life-Risking Strike was impossible. Even if Li Xun had his Assassin Ghost Lantern stack health because of his playstyle, Brawlers were a plate armor class. Their health growth was 3.5, which wasn't bad among the 24 classes. On the other hand, the Brawlers were weak in their Spirit stat, which only had a 1.5 growth for them.</p>
    <p>The key point was that he couldn't instant kill him. If Steamed Bun Invasion had been a Summoner or an Elementalist, Ghost Lantern might really have just used Life-Risking Strike.</p>
    <p>Cutthroat!</p>
    <p>It was a fast low-level skill, but a back attack gave it a considerable increase in damage.</p>
    <p>Cold light swiped towards Steamed Bun's neck. This attack was just the beginning. What followed would certainly be a combo. If done well, he might even be able to end it with a Life-Risking Strike and end it one go.</p>
    <p>Those familiar with Li Xun and those who supported him were all hoping for this scene to happen.</p>
    <p>However, the Cutthroat missed!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly crouched, dodging the attack.　　</p>
    <p>What incredible awareness!</p>
    <p>Everyone sighed one after the other. He saw through Shadow Clone Technique and even predicted a back attack!</p>
    <p>What's more, he crouched, which meant that he could immediately counter attack!　　</p>
    <p>Sure enough!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion rushed forward.　　</p>
    <p>Tyrannical Chain Punch! He directly let loose a powerful skill!</p>
    <p>Everyone watched in astonishment as the crouching Steamed Bun Invasion rushed forward and pinned Ghost Lantern's shadow clone to the ground. But before Steamed Bun could even punch, Ghost Lantern's shadow clone poofed into smoke.</p>
    <p>"Huh?" Steamed Bun was puzzled.</p>
    <p>The entire crowd was dumbstruck.</p>
    <p>"What are you doing?" Li Xun was dumbfounded as well. He didn't even have Ghost Lantern pursue him after the Cutthroat despite having the opportunity to do so. This Tyrannical Chain Punch was making his head spin.</p>
    <p>There was no need to doubt Steamed Bun's speed, and Li Xun, who was his opponent, could sense that this Tyrannical Chain Punch had started sooner than his Cutthroat. If Steamed Bun Invasion had turned around and used it, then dodging the Cutthroat would have actually been extraneous. He reckoned that he would have a difficult time dodging this Tyrannical Chain Punch. However, Steamed Bun actually didn't realize that he had used a Shadow Clone Technique and wasted a high-level skill on a shadow clone. Of course, that was probably why his Tyrannical Chain Punch had been faster than his Cutthroat. Steamed Bun didn't know there was a threat behind him, so he immediately pounced on his opponent up ahead.</p>
    <p>Li Xun didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Truthfully, he hadn't even thought that his opponent wouldn't notice the Shadow Clone Technique. After all, his character wasn't a Ninja, and the only below Level 20 Ninja skill that required hand seals was Shadow Clone Technique. Even though Li Xun would do his best to hide it, pro players had sharp eyes. Such an irregular motion on an Assassin was very easy to notice.</p>
    <p>But today, he had actually met someone who failed to notice it.</p>
    <p>"So it was a Shadow Clone Technique. You punk. I got tricked." Steamed Bun Invasion climbed back up from the ground and turned around, glaring at Ghost Lantern behind him.</p>
    <p>All sorts of thoughts ran through Li Xun's mind. He had no idea how to respond.</p>
    <p>"You really got lucky…" Li Xun said.</p>
    <p>"Luck? That's a part of skill," Steamed Bun said. He was clearly just going along with it. He had no clue what had just happened.</p>
    <p>"Lose! You're a bringer of bad luck!" Steamed Bun's godly logic turned "you got lucky" into Li Xun being a bringer of bad luck. Steamed Bun Invasion charged forward.</p>
    <p>"Let's see just how lucky you are!" Li Xun shouted. Ghost Lantern activated Swift Movement and then started sprinting. He moved so fast that there seemed to be a trail of dust behind him. In the blink of an eye, he reached Steamed Bun Invasion's side.</p>
    <p>Leaping Blade!</p>
    <p>Ghost Lantern's dagger flicked upwards. Leaping Blade was the Assassin's knockup skill.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion turned around and swung his arms, Slapping the dagger aside.</p>
    <p>This guy! His hand speed and reaction speed weren't slow, but he himself seemed a bit stupid. He's definitely a good prey for a one hit kill.</p>
    <p>Li Xun rapidly thought to himself. In this day and age, an opportunity for a one hit kill was something that had to be created. Finding someone as naturally stupid as this person was too hard to find in the pro scene.</p>
    <p>Perfect prey!</p>
  </body>
</html>
