<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1339: Writing a Guide For Yourself</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1339: Writing a Guide For Yourself</h1>
    <p>Luo Ji had lost.</p>
    <p>This result wasn't too unexpected, but at the beginning, he felt that he had been doing quite well. His confidence was being slowly built up, but who would have predicted that his opponent would knock it down again so quickly.</p>
    <p>His opponent wasn't anyone impressive either. He was like Luo Ji, a rookie on a new team. The only thing he held over Luo Ji was 27 rounds of experience.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji took a deep breath and exited the player booth, not at all expecting the entire stadium to explode into applause.</p>
    <p>What was this?</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was puzzled. At first he thought that this was their home game fans respecting Miracle's spectacular performance and applauding them. However, after he left the stage, walking away, he noticed the calls of "Luo Ji, you did great" and the gazes that were on him. He knew then that this applause was his, an encouragement for him.</p>
    <p>Though he had never played a match before, Happy's fans all knew of his existence in Happy. This wasn't just from observing the player bench during matches, but because Happy's boss Chen Guo never forgot to mention Luo Ji when she brought up Happy's players. In fact, to make sure Luo Li was noticed, she'd often be willing to talk more about Luo ji. Though Luo Ji had never fought a match, Chen Guo wouldn't hesitate to tell everyone of the contributions he had made to the team.</p>
    <p>This was a testament of Chen Guo's attentiveness. She hated the thought of this benched player feeling uncomfortable or left out, so she did her best to show that he was equally as much a part of the team as anyone else. </p>
    <p>　. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo's actions finally bore fruit at a time like now. Not only did Happy's fans know Luo Ji, they all liked this member of Happy who, despite not having much of a chance to play for the team, had still carefully and sincerely contributed to the team. They were even hoping for the day Luo Ji would have a chance to play.</p>
    <p>Thus, when Luo Ji really did get the chance to play a match, what he received wasn't pressure, but encouragement.</p>
    <p>Applause and well-wishes escorted Luo Ji step by step back to the player bench.</p>
    <p>Miracle's Jia Xing was stunned.</p>
    <p>When he first came out of the player booth, he had truly thought that the applause was for him because he had thought he fought spectacularly in this match, just like an expert.</p>
    <p>I've even managed to sway the hearts of my opponent's fans, Jia xing thought to himself in delight. That wasn't an easy thing to accomplish at all. He waved, continuing to show off his demeanor, and acknowledging these cute Happy fans that were clapping for him. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>It was only until he had come off the stage and approached the stands that he heard what the fans were yelling. He stiffened. He suddenly wanted nothing more than to cut of that damned waving hand.</p>
    <p>This Luo Ji was so well liked amongst Happy's fans? Even if he lost he could still gain everyone's love like that? Jia Xing stared at Luo Ji, who had returned to the player bench, with a heart full of envy.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji sat in the empty seat next to Ye Xiu without needing any prompting.</p>
    <p>Even if Ye Xiu didn't come to to find him, he would go and ask Ye Xiu for pointers regarding this match. Depressed from losing? When it had just ended, a little, yeah! But Luo Ji had been prepared to lose so he soon shook off those feelings. Then, hearing the cheers and encouragements from the fans after exiting the booth, Luo Ji was determined to work even harder in order to thank his team and the fans for their support.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji had noticed Chen Guo's efforts in trying to make sure he didn't feel left out.</p>
    <p>"You started off well." Ye Xiu didn't bother with courtesies, getting straight to the point.</p>
    <p>"Yes." Luo Ji nodded.</p>
    <p>"Your control was meticulous; that's your strength," Ye Xiu continued.</p>
    <p>"Yes." Luo Ji nodded again. His calculations were accurate, thus his actions were meticulous. Luo Ji understood himself well.</p>
    <p>"Yet that's exactly how you lost," Ye Xiu then said.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji fell into contemplation.</p>
    <p>"Your opponent is a person, not a machine. A person's mechanics, a person's performance, will never be as precise as theory. Sometimes they might be in a poor condition, other times they might go beyond their usual limits. Your playstyle has to account for these changes in your opponent's pace," Ye Xiu explained.</p>
    <p>"Do you remember the Dummy's Guides you used to make often?" Ye Xiu asked.　　 </p>
    <p>"I do." Luo Ji nodded.</p>
    <p>"Your current control has the same flaws as your guides for dummies: They don't tolerate mistakes and deviations," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Oh…" Luo Ji immediately understood what Ye Xiu was getting at.</p>
    <p>He thought of when his opponent had used Dragon Breaks the Ranks to break through his summons. In his calculations, that opening wasn't something this opponent had the ability to grasp.</p>
    <p>But his opponent had broken past his own limits, achieving a hand speed and mechanics he wouldn't have been able to usually. Thus, what Luo Ji had thought wouldn't happen, happened, and his playstyle didn't have any way to make up for this.</p>
    <p>It seemed like his calculations regarding his opponent's ability wasn't comprehensive enough! However, just as Ye Xiu had said, a person's condition would fluctuate and change. Even they themselves would be incapable of controlling this. It was impossible for another to completely account for this in their calculations.</p>
    <p>"Then what do I do?" Luo Ji asked.</p>
    <p>"The best way is, of course, to refine your playstyle further," Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji felt a headache coming on. He naturally understood this reasoning. More refined attacks, harder to counter attacks, that would naturally allow him to suppress and defeat his opponents. The problem was that his ability was limited. He could only refine his playstyle within the boundaries of his talent. This best way was something he couldn't choose, or else he'd have tried ages ago.</p>
    <p>"If you can't refine everything, then what about smaller parts?" Ye Xiu then said.</p>
    <p>"Partly refine?"</p>
    <p>"Consider Mo Fan," Ye Xiu suggested.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was stunned for a moment. What did Mo Fan have to do with this?</p>
    <p>Currently, Mo Fan was already on the stage for the third individual match. The projection and the big screen were both playing the scenes of his and his opponent killing each other. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Whoosh! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>A rapid five part combo had Deception's opponent floundering.</p>
    <p>I'll probably never be able to accomplish that, Luo Ji thought to himself. However, Deception, after a few impressive combos, quickly fled the area.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji naturally knew why Mo Fan's playstyle was like so, and thus instantly realized why Ye Xiu wanted him to consider Mo Fan.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu meant that for certain controls, Luo Ji might not be able to refine completely, but some simpler actions were things that he could definitely master with his current ability.</p>
    <p>Rebuilding his offensive system through fully utilizing these actions he could master? </p>
    <p>　　</p>
    <p>Luo Ji felt like he was beginning to understand. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>All this time, he had been referencing guides, learning all sorts of Summoner knowledge. He already knew what he should learn, what he should master. Therefore what he needed to do now was find the things that were most suited to him, the things he could do the best in. Just like deciding on the Four Beasts Style, he had to choose what suited him the most.</p>
    <p>It was time he wrote a Dummy's Guide for himself.</p>
    <p>"I understand!" Luo Ji nodded. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled. Speaking with smart people was always the easiest! Just look and Luo Ji and then consider Mo Fan, who was currently onstage. Ok, he'll admit, speaking to Mo Fan wasn't all a waste, but getting Steamed Bun with his unique brain structure and planes of thinking to understand was truly harder than hard! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>After the individual matches, the group arena soon ended. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Mo Fan had claimed victory for the third individual match and the group arena saw the powerful formation of Tang Rou, Su Mucheng and Fang Rui successfully defeating Miracle giving them a 4 to 1 lead as they entered the team competition.</p>
    <p>In the team competition, Happy had everyone shocked, fielding Fang Rui, Su Mucheng, Tang Rou, Qiao Yifan, An Wenyi and Steamed Bun. They had let Ye Xiu rest for a round! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Holy crap!"</p>
    <p>Before anyone else reacted, Miracle, who was fielding all their core members, expressed their discontent first.</p>
    <p>Miracle had three previous Excellent Era members! They believed that they had a comprehensive understanding of Ye Xiu, of Su Mucheng and of their teamwork. Last time, Happy had swept them 0 to 10. Thus, this time, they had made even more preparations. They had carefully honed their tactics to deal with Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng, determined to win back their points on Happy's home turf. Yet then… Ye Xiu wasn't even participating in the team competition this round.</p>
    <p>Was this Ye Xiu looking down on them?</p>
    <p>Miracle's little group felt somewhat offended, but then, thinking back on the time they were with Ye Xiu in Excellent Era, when had the other ever looked down on anyone? No matter how weak, he'd never do that. He would only mock them! No matter how strong the opponent, he'd always manage to find something to mock them for.</p>
    <p>So was this a way of mocking them?!</p>
    <p>The three considered it again.</p>
    <p>However, not playing a match didn't seem like Ye Xiu's method of mockery.</p>
    <p>The three were distressed.</p>
    <p>They should've been laughing in delight at their opponent's strongest player not being fielded, but Miracle treated this as some sort of hateful, despicable thing. Nothing was more painful than dedicating yourself to rehearsing and practicing, but then finding out right before going on stage that it was no longer necessary; the show had been changed.</p>
    <p>Absolutely shameless!</p>
    <p>Miracle's three brothers felt anger burning inside them.</p>
    <p>"Even so, we can't lose!" He Ming said to the players about to go on stage. Then he saw Guo Shao's confused blinking.</p>
    <p>He Ming immediately realized his words seemed off.</p>
    <p>Even so? Even so what? With his tone and wording, it was like without Ye Xiu, their opponent's just got stronger!</p>
    <p>That wasn't right at all. Ye Xiu was Happy's core. Without him on the field, Happy's overall strength would only decrease, not increase.</p>
    <p>"Ahem…" He Ming cleared his throat, trying to figure out what to say.</p>
    <p>"If Senior Ye Xiu isn't being fielded, then does that mean our tactic is useless?" Guo Shao's words struck them straight in the gut.</p>
    <p>"Yes. However, without Ye Xiu, their strength will definitely be affected. This is our chance," He Ming used this to turn them back on track.</p>
    <p>"What should we do then?" Guo Shao asked.</p>
    <p>He Ming short circuited.</p>
    <p>This was because the current situation was truly the worst. Their pre-match practice was all about dealing with Ye Xiu, completely ignoring this possibility. Who would've thought that after 27 rounds, on the 28th with them, Ye Xiu would decide to do this? Miracle's pre-match preparations were all for nothing and they couldn't really come up with any detailed plan on what to do.</p>
    <p>"Focus on… on…" He Ming looked through Happy's lineup. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>"Qiao Yifan!" This name suddenly popped out. "Yes, Qiao Yifan!" He Ming nodded, saying with confidence.</p>
  </body>
</html>
