<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1316: Pointless Move</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1316: Pointless Move</h1>
    <p>A hide-and-seek match that had lasted for over ten minutes now. If this were Happy's home game, Happy's fans might still find this interesting. But this was Blue Rain's home game. Seeing these two people with no chance of reversal but still shamelessly dragging this on, they'd started booing early on.</p>
    <p>But just then, when Ye Xiu expressed that this was training for the playoffs, the boos were actually interrupted for a second. In that instant, everyone actually agreed with this sentiment, but soon enough, as Huang Shaotian sent a series of messages, everyone woke up. This was just a fabricated excuse, right? The boos suddenly grew even louder.</p>
    <p>Then why did they still want to drag this out?</p>
    <p>To be honest, not even Happy's players were sure. Even if it was for a reason like accumulating match experience, this right now was nowhere near the rhythm of an ordinary match. What kind of experience could they get?</p>
    <p>Only Ye Xiu knew the real reason.</p>
    <p>If it were just himself, he probably would have directly said "GG" by now. But he still had Mo Fan beside him. With only two people left, Ye Xiu was already prepared to give up, but Mo Fan's Deception still went on the rhythm of escape.</p>
    <p>"This guy…" Ye Xiu was surprised, but he quickly followed.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan had played a number of professional matches now. He should understand the situation they were currently facing, he should be able to judge that they didn't have much of a chance with a 2v5. But he didn't give up, he only temporarily avoided facing the opponent head-on, as though waiting for an opportunity to counterattack. Ye Xiu couldn't bring himself to quell his enthusiasm, and could only follow along, running and hiding for over ten whole minutes.</p>
    <p>In over ten minutes, the two just ran away. They hadn't found the chance to take out a single target. But Mo Fan was very patient and very persistent. Ye Xiu, too, was never someone who gave up easily. He wasn't as bullheaded as Mo Fan, but since he was being stubborn with this guy right now, he might as well play to his fullest, and put effort into his running around.</p>
    <p>Until now.</p>
    <p>"This is probably it." After studying his surroundings, Ye Xiu said this to Mo Fan in the chat.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan's Deception also looked around and didn't object. He was an expert at running away. Although they faced fewer pursuers now than they would in the crowded in-game world, the pressure here was much higher. Professionals were no trivial matter, after all. Fortunately, Mo Fan had improved greatly, otherwise he certainly wouldn't have been able to evade the enemy team's pursuit for these ten minutes.</p>
    <p>Right now, they had finally reached a situation where there was no more path to take.</p>
    <p>There was no road of retreat, they could only go forward. Now, if they wanted to run, they could only forcibly break through the encirclement. Ye Xiu carefully studied the surroundings, but he saw Deception's hand moved, lifting the ninjato in front of him. Following Deception's gaze, he also saw Blue Rain's Paladin, Soul Speaker, slowly wandering toward them.</p>
    <p>Deception was just about to jump forward, but a string of words from Ye Xiu jumped out in the chat. "It's bait."</p>
    <p>Mo Fan paused, and then responded with his own string of words. "Then what do we do?"</p>
    <p>"Just wait, ignore them," Ye Xiu answered.</p>
    <p>And so Soul Speaker walked closer and closer, until he didn't dare walk any closer, but he still saw no sign of the two targets. Xu Jingxi couldn't do anything, and could only ask in the team chat.</p>
    <p>After a while, a message from Yu Wenzhou appeared in the match chat. "This is meaningless! We've already stepped on the stairs for you, just come down already!"</p>
    <p>"So that's what this is about! I was just wondering why you were looking down on us so much," Ye Xiu answered.</p>
    <p>"Right, then just come out!" Yu Wenzhou said.</p>
    <p>"Can't. If I fell for such a crude trick, how embarrassing would that be?" said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Then what do you want to do?" Yu Wenzhou asked.</p>
    <p>"I can already tell the positions where you guys are lying in wait, I'll try forcibly breaking through from here," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Left or right?" Yu Wenzhou asked.</p>
    <p>"Either."</p>
    <p>As soon as this message appeared in the chat, Lord Grim's silhouette immediately appeared in Swoksaar's field of view.</p>
    <p>"Oh hey, what a coincidence," Ye Xiu greeted in the chat.</p>
    <p>"Perfect timing!" Huang Shaotian shouted, and Troubling Rain immediately swung his sword to meet him.</p>
    <p>"Now you're the one in charge of the chat?" Ye Xiu laughed. Lord Grim rushed forward without any sign of weakness.</p>
    <p>The two characters were fighting in earnest. Huang Shaotian wasn't an opponent that Ye Xiu could get rid of so quickly. Yu Wenzhou had already controlled Swoksaar to support him, and the rest of Blue Rain had already run up to surround him.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou immediately realized something was wrong.</p>
    <p>"Where's Deception?" He stopped his controls and shouted in the chat.</p>
    <p>A silhouette charged forward!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain's arrangement had originally locked down this area, but because of how Lord Grim had suddenly jumped forward with a powerful attack, he'd drawn everyone's attention and Blue Rain had suddenly left openings. Mo Fan was extremely precise at choosing positions, and Deception rushed toward these openings. Before Blue Rain's players could react, Deception had already escaped from the area they controlled.</p>
    <p>"Let's see where you can run!" Huang Shaotian shouted as Troubling Rain slashed ferociously.</p>
    <p>"Who said I wanted to run?" Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>"Then this is?" Yu Wenzhou didn't understand.</p>
    <p>"Decoy! Threaten the east and strike to the west!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What's the point in his running away?" Yu Wenzhou asked.</p>
    <p>"Run for another ten minutes?" Ye Xiu offered.</p>
    <p>"…" Blue Rain was truly, completely speechless. This is an official match! Are you guys seriously just playing hide-and-seek here?</p>
    <p>"Go die!" Troubling Rain's attacks became even more frantic. Zheng Xuan and Song Xiao's characters had also arrived, beginning to surround and attack Lord Grim, while Swoksaar restarted his curse casting. Lord Grim's health plummeted.</p>
    <p>But at this moment, behind Swoksaar, a silhouette appeared. Deception had circled around and suddenly came into sight over here, and the Shurikens in his hand flew outward toward Swoksaar. Yu Wenzhou heard the warning from his teammates and quickly dodged. But after Deception used the Shurikens, he instantly arrived before him, jumped up, and slashed downward toward Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>Ding!</p>
    <p>The sound of metal colliding with metal resounded. Troubling Rain used a Triple Slash, instantly flashing in front of Swoksaar and blocking this attack from Deception. The next two slashes smoothly continued to push Deception back.</p>
    <p>But because Troubling Rain had come over here, the encirclement around Lord Grim suddenly had an opening. With a toss of a grenade, and a Shining Cut, Lord Grim split through to arrive in front of Swoksaar, but the attack failed to land - he twisted into a Charge and once again crashed toward Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian knew that if he were passed through again, this guy would definitely escape.</p>
    <p>Formless Phantom Blade!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian directly used an ultimate attack. In front of Troubling Rain, the swordlight formed a net, flying toward Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>But in the chat, a message from his teammate suddenly popped out. "Behind you!"</p>
    <p>Behind Troubling Rain was Deception, who had just been forced away by his Triple Slash.</p>
    <p>He returned so quickly?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was shocked. This was to say, he hadn't actually driven this guy back earlier, this guy had voluntarily chosen to back off. Only then could he so calmly execute this sudden swing around.</p>
    <p>Body Bind Technique!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan's sudden explosion of hand speed and control was incredibly powerful. Huang Shaotian truly hadn't expected that he would return so quickly, and any warning from his teammates was too late. No matter how powerful Formless Phantom Blade was from the front, the back was filled with openings. Deception stuck right to him and directly interrupted his powerful attack. However, he didn't use his skill until the end, he actually once again took the initiative to retreat.</p>
    <p>But Huang Shaotian didn't feel fortunate at all. Deception had retreated, but Lord Grim's Charge had now arrived right before him.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain was blown to the side. Deception had already thrown out a Smoke Bomb, filling the area with purple fog. Lord Grim continued to move and instantly vanished within. The skill that Yu Wenzhou had prepared could now only rely on luck as he threw it in there, and nothing came of it in the end. By the time Blue Rain passed through the purple fog, those two from Happy had already run far off.</p>
    <p>"Is there a point to this, is there??" His slashes couldn't reach them anymore, so Huang Shaotian could only vent his anger through the chat.</p>
    <p>"Haha, I think it's pretty interesting!" Ye Xiu answered.</p>
    <p>"Referee, a guy like this should be directly disqualified!" Huang Shaotian complained to the judge. But this was an official League match, not the All-Stars. Even though the current situation was infuriating, they hadn't broken any rules, and the judge couldn't directly decide the outcome. He could only ignore Huang Shaotian. Blue Rain's five players were truly depressed as they had no other choice but to regroup and continue the chase.</p>
    <p>After another ten minutes of struggle, Blue Rain caught up to Lord Grim and Deception, resulting in another intense battle. This time, Blue Rain finally didn't miss their opportunity, and killed the two off very ferociously. In the short amount of time between the end of the match and all the players logging off, Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan actually flogged the deceased corpses of Lord Grim and Deception.</p>
    <p>This was an extreme way of humiliating the opponent and incredibly rude. It would be no surprise for such behavior to incite a war of words. But at this time, seeing the extremely agitated actions of these two Blue Rain players, all of the audience members felt a pleasure welling up within them.</p>
    <p>These two guys had unnecessarily dragged on this battle for a full 23 minutes.</p>
    <p>If you drag this on and actually accomplish something, then fine. But these two didn't manage to do anything, they were just running and hiding, all the way until they had nowhere else to run or hide. Was this purely just to sicken everyone?</p>
    <p>But in the post-match press conference, Ye Xiu didn't see it like this at all.</p>
    <p>"A pointless move? Of course not. We were searching for an opportunity the entire time! But Blue Rain simply did too well today. Overall, very strong. We couldn't find our chance, and regretfully lost the match in the end. Alas!" Ye Xiu lamented.</p>
    <p>The reporters were in a daze. Motherfucker, what's there to regret about losing a 2v5? How come from your tone it sounded like you were doing a 2v5 and then messed up, allowing the five to defeat you?</p>
    <p>"Next time, we'll continue to work hard!" After the gloom, Ye Xiu eagerly expressed his stance.</p>
    <p>Still work hard?!</p>
    <p>He's just saying that, he's not serious, is he?</p>
    <p>The reporters, who were ready to flip a table after those 23 minutes of useless struggle, felt like collapsing.</p>
  </body>
</html>
