<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 224 – False Report</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 224 – False Report</h1>
    <p>Line Canyon’s wild BOSS, Cliff Ronin Alpine, was the strongest monster in this map. Currently, he was clothed in a black gown and was pacing back and forth with a katana on his shoulder.</p>
    <p>“BOSS!” To Steamed Bun Invasion, the word BOSS was very attracting.</p>
    <p>“Retreat, retreat.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The two didn’t understand why he said so, but listened anyways.</p>
    <p>“There’s someone following him from behind.” Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim hid behind a rock.</p>
    <p>“What type of person?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Someone watching the BOSS. I’m guessing there’s going to be some people coming to kill him soon.” Ye Xiu replied to Tang Rou, while analyzing the map. Steamed Bun Invasion, on the other hand, was rolling around, a front roll and then a back roll and so on.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun, what are you doing?”</p>
    <p>“Investigating.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Investigating what?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“That sword’s really long.”</p>
    <p>“……Good, in a bit, you guys will need to be careful. This BOSS’s weapon has the range of a Broadsword and the attack speed of a Tachi.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? We’re going to kill it?’ Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Of course.”</p>
    <p>“But there’s already people there.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Stealing a wild BOSS! I like it.” Steamed Bun Invasion licked his lips.</p>
    <p>“That’s not polite, no?” Tang Rou felt embarrassed to do so.</p>
    <p>“They’re from Tyrannical Ambition.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, then what are we waiting for?” Tang Rou immediately changed her mind.</p>
    <p>“If we go right now, we won’t be able to finish the BOSS before Tyrannical Ambition’s players arrive.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So?”</p>
    <p>“Like Steamed Bun said. We’re going to steal it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha ha…..”</p>
    <p>“Quiet down, Steamed Bun.” Ye Xiu hastily reminded him.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion fell silent. Tang Rou had her Soft Mist stick her head out to look around: “But there’s only three of us.”</p>
    <p>“For an event like a wild BOSS, Tyrannical Ambition definitely won’t want to alert the other guilds, so their movements must be small. They probably won’t have too many players come either.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What if there are a lot?”</p>
    <p>“Then all we can do is announce it on the world channel to make many more people come.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha, Senior, you’re too evil.” Steamed Bun Invasion laughed.</p>
    <p>“It’s called strategy.” Ye Xiu corrected him.</p>
    <p>The three hid behind a rock like this, peeking out from time to time. The Tyrannical Ambition’s player was carefully following the Cliff Ronin Alpine from a certain distance, afraid that he would enter the Ronin’s aggro range.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin deserved his name. As soon as he spawned, he would slowly wander around Line Canyon.</p>
    <p>“We don’t know how long this guy’s been watching the BOSS, but he still hasn’t encountered anyone else. We’ve really struck gold this time.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“He has.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“If he had, then it’d have been stolen long ago.”</p>
    <p>“Senior, we’re also people…..” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was speechless and just stopped talking.</p>
    <p>“Are we just going to hide until they come?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Hiding here is fine. But if the BOSS goes too far, it’ll be troublesome! Please get here faster!” Ye Xiu said. It wasn’t even time to kill the BOSS and they were already growing worried.</p>
    <p>“It seems like the more he walks, the farther he gets.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Is there a possibility that the BOSS could suddenly turn around?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“That…..I’ve never really researched that.” Ye Xiu said. In reality, he was looking at a Cliff Ronin Alpine guide right now.</p>
    <p>“Why can’t we go to that side? What type of terrain do we need?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“One that’s close enough. Since we’ll be moving out later, we have to be able to pull the BOSS’s aggro when we move out as well as wipe out their players. If not, then if even one player on their team survives and is still considered in battle, then even if we kill the BOSS, the BOSS will still be theirs. Understand?” Ye Xiu explained.</p>
    <p>“Uh…… so you’re saying that as soon as we expose ourselves we have to quickly close in. Compared to killing the BOSS, wiping out the other players is more important?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Correct. See where the BOSS is going? There’s nowhere for us to hide over there. If the battle goes over there, then it doesn’t matter how perfect our timing is because by the time we rush over there, they’ll have discovered us. Under that type of situation, it’ll be very difficult to steal the BOSS.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then what do we do?” Tang Rou was also growing worried now, “It really is going farther and farther away.”</p>
    <p>“Worst case scenario, we can try our previous strategy.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What strategy?”</p>
    <p>“First we wait for Tyrannical Ambition’s players.” Ye Xiu said, “So slow.”</p>
    <p>“They’re here! They’re here!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly said.</p>
    <p>“Get your head back down here, Steamed Bun. How many?”</p>
    <p>“Five.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Only five?” Ye Xiu hadn’t expected this. It was a wild BOSS. He thought that there would be at least ten.</p>
    <p>“There’s five. I’m not wrong.”</p>
    <p>“Got it.” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“Your strategy?” Tang Rou asked. The BOSS was too far away for their “quickly rush in” strategy.</p>
    <p>“Pay attention to the world chat.” Ye Xiu said and then immediately typed out a message.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim: Line Canyon: 2441, 3212, wild BOSS discovered. Hurry!!!</p>
    <p>Even though most messages in the world chat would instantly vanish, Lord Grim’s name was too eye-catching. This was a name that many players cursed.</p>
    <p>“Wild BOSS!” Line Canyon exploded with noise. Many players were already itching to head over.</p>
    <p>“How?” Cold Night immediately asked the person watching over the BOSS.</p>
    <p>“The BOSS isn’t over there……..” The person hastily replied.</p>
    <p>“Wait!” Chen Yehui suddenly shouted, but besides the people surrounding him, no one else could hear his voice amidst the loud racket, but the people around him were enough because these were the people who commanded the troops.</p>
    <p>“Was he really that lucky to find the BOSS, or is he trying to lure us away?” Chen Yehui said.</p>
    <p>Cold Night loathed Chen Yehui and his Excellent Dynasty, but right now, Cold Night found Chen Yehui’s comradeship incomparably cute. His words were too on point.</p>
    <p>Right now, Cold Night didn’t want everyone to begin looking for the BOSS from this false report. It would ruin their chance at secretly killing the BOSS.</p>
    <p>Chen Yehui might be able to persuade the players here, but what about others? The ones who were scattered throughout the leveling area or those dungeoning. Even though it was late at night, Lord Grim would still attract the interest of quite a few players, no?</p>
    <p>He had deliberately given false info to escape amidst the confusion! Cold Night hated Lord Grim to the core. That guy had this trick up his sleeve and he just had to use it when they found the BOSS. Go to f*cking hell.</p>
  </body>
</html>
