<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 401 – Temporary Guest</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 401 – Temporary Guest</h1>
    <p>Shameless!” Ye Qiu tugged at the collar on Ye Xiu’s jacket. In the end, he wasn’t able to get anything out of it though and could only grind his teeth in anger. Chen Guo suddenly empathized with his hateful, yet helpless expression because Ye Xiu frequently put her in this sort of situation as well.</p>
    <p>“It looks like you weren’t educated well enough.” Ye Xiu’s expression was the same as usual.</p>
    <p>“Come back home with me!” Ye Qiu gnashed his teeth.</p>
    <p>“No way.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Ye Qiu’s gaze was deep and profound as if he were about to pull off some powerful move. Chen Guo continued to watch, waiting for it to happen. However, the scene froze and stopped playing…….</p>
    <p>“Are you tired? Hurry up and let go. Show some respect to your elders.” Ye Xiu said and made a slap. It seemed like Ye Qiu’s hands weren’t using much force and were slapped aside by Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Your overcoat seems pretty nice?” Ye Xiu, with his sole jacket, looked at the overcoat that had been hanging on Ye Qiu’s arm the entire time.</p>
    <p>“No way!” Ye Qiu resolutely hid the overcoat behind him.</p>
    <p>“How selfish.” Ye Xiu disdained.</p>
    <p>“When are you going to give back the stuff you took from me?” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“Didn’t I give you back your proof of identity?”</p>
    <p>Ye Qiu suddenly choked. He had clearly forgotten about that part.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo raised her hand: “Could you go into more details? The story behind the proof of identity.”</p>
    <p>“Oh….. that one……. That time, when I was going to join the Pro Alliance, I obviously needed to use official documents as proof of my identity. However, even though I was old enough, because I ran away from my family, I didn’t have anything I could use as proof.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“When this disgrace went back home to steal some proof, he wasn’t able to steal the household register, so he took my proof of identity instead.” Ye Qiu immediately followed.</p>
    <p>“I was borrowing. Didn’t I give it back to you?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You didn’t tell me, so that’s considered stealing!”</p>
    <p>“I did tell you later.”</p>
    <p>“So it’s like that!” Chen Guo suddenly understood. This explained why Ye Xiu used “Ye Qiu” in the pro scene.</p>
    <p>“Yeah, it’s not like I could have used a fake proof!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo began to sweat. Isn’t using someone else’s proof of identity and using a fake identity practically the same? They were twin brothers, so it was hard to tell the difference.</p>
    <p>“Luck you, look how famous your name is now.” Ye Xiu said to Ye Qiu.</p>
    <p>“Tch.” Ye Qiu coldly expressed his disdain.</p>
    <p>“You used such a familiar name. You weren’t worried that your family would find you?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“If I had used Ye Xiu, then that might have been troublesome. But since I used a weak, common street name like Ye Qiu, there was no need to worry.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Nonsense! The key point is that no one had imagined that you would run away from the family to play games. You’re the weak one!” Ye Qiu shouted.</p>
    <p>“Oh? Then when you wanted to leave the family that time, what were you planning on doing?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Uh….. I……” Ye Qiu tried hard to recall.</p>
    <p>“Or maybe you had a dream you wanted to fulfill?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“My dream at that time…… was to leave the family……” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>…… Chen Guo nearly spat out her drink. She suddenly felt sorry for the parents of these two brothers. What type of family environment was this, to make these two brothers want to leave the family? Chen Guo was very curious.</p>
    <p>“That’s the difference between me and you.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Tch.” Ye Qiu expressed his disdain.</p>
    <p>“Actually, I stopped hiding after a while. The family could easily force me to come back, but do you know why they never did so?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why?” Ye Qiu couldn’t help but ask.</p>
    <p>“Because my dream was the game and that was all.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Huh?” Ye Qiu and Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“An eSports career favors the young. I’m already considered old as a pro. Even if I persisted, I wouldn’t be able to go on for much longer. This is why my dream will end at an early age. When that time comes, I’ll naturally come back because that place will forever be my home. And at my age, there’s still time for me to make a turn around at life. This is why my family left me alone.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“And you? You’re different. Your dream was only to leave the family. You’re clearly even more rebellious than me. I at least knew what to do after I ran away. You? You wanted to run just for the sake of running away. If you ran away, would you think of coming back? From my view, you probably wouldn’t, so it’d be best if you just stayed in the family like an obedient child. Leaving home…… did you really think that it would be fun?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Ye Qiu was stumped for words. He had even forgotten to express his usual disdain. Chen Guo was also surprised. Ye Xiu was actually a good brother. He was more sensible than his brother and saw the issue more thoroughly.</p>
    <p>“So I won’t be going back to celebrate New Years. When the time comes, I’ll come back on my own.”</p>
    <p>After Chen Guo heard this, she suddenly wondered whether Ye Xiu was only saying all of that as an excuse to not go back home.</p>
    <p>As for Ye Qiu? After a short pause, he suddenly smiled: “It won’t be too late if I come back home tomorrow.”</p>
    <p>He turned his head to look at Chen Guo: “Boss, is it okay if I stay here for the night?”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo nodded her head: “You can even stay here for a few nights if you want.”</p>
    <p>“Can you not look for trouble.” Ye Xiu immediately stopped her, “Look how evil this guy looks.”</p>
    <p>”</p>
    <p>“Tch!” Ye Qiu’s usual disdain rebooted. After a hmph, he walked around the first floor of the Internet Cafe. Then, he went to the stairs and asked: “Do I go upstairs?”</p>
    <p>“Yes. I’ll bring you there.” Chen Guo went over the lead the way.</p>
    <p>“Thank you.” Ye Qiu nodded his head in thanks. As long as he wasn’t talking to Ye Xiu, his words and actions showed propriety and politeness.</p>
    <p>“It’s not a problem.” Chen Guo waved her hands, leading Ye Qiu upstairs. Ye Xiu didn’t say anything. Seeing the two go up the stairs, he shook his head, lit a cigarette, and looked for a computer to log into Glory.</p>
    <p>“We sleep here.” Chen Guo opened the door to the living room and showed Ye Qiu around.</p>
    <p>“It gives off a very comfortable feeling!” Ye Qiu praised after entering the room.</p>
    <p>“Doesn’t it?” Chen Guo replied happily. As the room’s owner, of course, she would be happy about praise towards it.</p>
    <p>“Where does Ye Xiu live?” Ye Qiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Uh……” Chen Guo stared blankly. She looked somewhat embarrassed. Ye Xiu’s living space really was quite embarrassing to talk about. As the owner, who had arranged Ye Xiu’s living space, it was quite awkward to talk about in front of Ye Xiu’s relative.</p>
    <p>“This way.” Even though she felt embarrassed, Chen Guo didn’t hide it. She opened the door to the storage room, but in the end, she still added: “It’s only temporary.”</p>
    <p>She wasn’t lying. In the beginning, Chen Guo had only temporarily put Ye Xiu here. However, Ye Xiu didn’t care and seemed pretty happy with his living space, so Chen Guo didn’t feel like she needed to be in a rush towards this.</p>
    <p>“Good, good!” Ye Qiu replied. He had already seen everything there was to see in the storage room. His face didn’t show any expression of being in disbelief like Chen Guo had imagined. He seemed quite happy and delighted. He even turned around and said earnestly: “It’s very good.”</p>
    <p>“Oh?” Chen Guo was surprised, but she quickly realized why. The guy saw that his shameful brother was living in such a place, which was why he was so happy.</p>
    <p>“Where will I be sleeping?” Ye Qiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Oh….. you can come to my room!” Chen Guo led Ye Qiu out and pointed to her own room.</p>
    <p>“Then what about you?”</p>
    <p>“I’ll sleep next door. The sis over there went back home to celebrate New Years, so she won’t be here for the new few days.” Chen Guo was obviously talking about Tang Rou’s room.</p>
    <p>“You all…… live together?” Ye Qiu looked at the three rooms.</p>
    <p>“Yeah!”</p>
    <p>“There aren’t any problems are there? Living with my shameless brother? You must be careful!” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“No way.” Chen Guo laughed. Even though Ye Xiu was sometimes a very infuriating person, he didn’t have any faults in this area. He had been living with the two beauties for quite a while and nothing embarrassing had happened yet.</p>
    <p>But if that guy did anything embarrassing, he would probably resolve it in a shameless manner. Chen Guo suddenly thought.</p>
    <p>“It wouldn’t be convenient living in a lady’s room! Can I sleep on this sofa?” Ye Qiu pointed at the sofa in the living room.</p>
    <p>“It’s not a problem!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Okay, then I’ll sleep here!”</p>
    <p>“I’m saying that you sleeping in my room isn’t a problem.” Chen Guo explained.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry, don’t worry. I’ll sleep here!” Ye Qiu said and expressed that he wasn’t going to give in.</p>
    <p>“Okay, then you can……” Chen Guo didn’t urge it and asked: “Do you have any luggage?”</p>
    <p>“No.”</p>
    <p>“Okay, are you going to rest for a bit?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“No need. No need. I’m going to go down and see what that guy is up to!” Ye Qiu turned around and pulled open the door. Like a gentleman, he gave priority to ladies and asked if Chen Guo was going to go out too.</p>
    <p>The two went downstairs back to the Internet Cafe and saw Ye Xiu diligently playing the game.</p>
    <p>“You only know how to play! You’re not going to tidy up all the stuff we bought?” Chen Guo scolded.</p>
    <p>“Exactly. He only knows how to play games. Shameful.” Ye Qiu stood by Chen Guo and acted all mighty.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu lifted his head helplessly: “How do you want to do it.”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo carelessly pointed around: “Use everything that’s useful!”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu said powerlessly: “Do you know how much of the stuff you bought is useful?”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo stared blankly. She had only bought whatever she liked. She didn’t know what exactly she had bought and was already having trouble remembering.</p>
    <p>“Shut your mouth! Cut his salary, boss!” Ye Qiu incited.</p>
    <p>“How about you first figure out what you’ve bought!” Ye Xiu said to Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“Even the useless stuff has to be tidied up!” Chen Guo said and then ran over to study what she had bought.</p>
    <p>“Ye Qiu, go help.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why don’t you go?”</p>
    <p>“I’m working.”</p>
    <p>“You’re just playing a game……” Ye Qiu mumbled to himself, but still went to help out. He wasn’t the type of person to sit on the side and tell others to work without doing anything himself.</p>
  </body>
</html>
