<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 584 – Creating an Environment</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 584 – Creating an Environment</h1>
    <p>Even though everyone saw the scene clearly with their own eyes, not many of them apart from Unrivaled Super Hottie’s helper team understood what exactly had happened.</p>
    <p>Unrivaled Super Hottie was obviously in a team. He had come over with Tyrannical Ambition. Although he wasn’t officially a part of the guild, he still joined one of their teams. When Dazzling Spring’s brilliant attacks engulfed him, everyone felt like he was definitely dead. At this moment, a message appeared in Unrivaled Super Hottie’s team.</p>
    <p>One word: Revive. Next to the word were detailed coordinates of his position.</p>
    <p>With these instructions, the team’s Clerics cast a Revive. As for Unrivaled Super Hottie? He might have died, but he had sent out the message. After being revived, he didn’t hurry and get back up. He lay there, acting dead, waiting for Dazzling Spring to turn around before launching a surprise attack.</p>
    <p>“How despicable......”</p>
    <p>The team members who knew the truth couldn’t help but give this remark in private, despite their bias towards their teammate. </p>
    <p>Charge, Heroic Leap, Shield Attack, Upward Slash......</p>
    <p>Unrivaled Super Hottie’s movements were very quick. He chained his attacks in an instant, striking down the target, who had been sent up into the air by the initial Charge. These moves weren’t things most Knights could do.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring wasn’t worried about the damage from this combo. He had a stronger reaction towards those words.</p>
    <p>“Who are you?” Dazzling Spring made all sorts of guesses, but he wasn’t certain about any one of them.</p>
    <p>“What have you been busy with this year? Could you really have been preparing to leave just to run to the game and bully noobs?” Unrivaled Super Hottie asked. His voice wasn’t loud, just enough for Dazzling Spring to hear. Otherwise, if these top elites in the game heard themselves being called bullied noobs, who knew how angry they would be.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring didn’t answer. He suddenly focused and amidst Unrivaled Super Hottie’s continuous attacks, he dodged and actually escaped from the combo.</p>
    <p>“Tch.......” Unrivaled Super Hottie clicked his tongue. He immediately fell back and Dazzling Spring chased after him.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring immediately won back the upper hand in that instant.</p>
    <p>The players from the three big guilds were even feeling slightly annoyed at the boss’s existence right now. The boss was interfering with this incredible show. If they couldn’t determine the skill levels of these two players, they weren’t worthy of being players in the Heavenly Domain.</p>
    <p>“This Unrivaled Super Hottie, could he be......” Someone moved close to Jiang You and whispered to him. </p>
    <p>“Yes, I have an idea. Don’t worry.” Jiang You appeared to be becoming more and more calm.</p>
    <p>“Heal, heal, heal! Why aren’t there any Clerics healing!!!” Everyone heard Unrivaled Super Hottie shout loudly as he dodged Dazzling Spring’s attacks.</p>
    <p>Everyone had heard these sort of words coming from Knights countless times. No one gave much thought to them. Knights were tanks. Wasn’t it normal for them to tell the Clerics to heal? But the problem this time was that it looked like a 1v1 duel. This Knight was actually telling them to help. Wasn’t that too disgraceful? Many of them were disappointed.</p>
    <p>“Heal him.” Jiang You decisively gave the order.</p>
    <p>Unrivaled Super Hottie soon began to glow with white light. He immediately stood still and stopped dodging Dazzling Spring’s attacks. He was about to go forward and trade blows.</p>
    <p>“How shameless!!!” The players from Blossom Hundred Valleys shouted angrily.</p>
    <p>With several Clerics healing him, this guy wanted to trade blows with a Spitfire? Wasn’t that too shameless? In theory, for team battles, supporting a tank while having him charge through the troops was a very common strategy, but the confrontation between Dazzling Spring and Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly indicated that these two certainly weren’t ordinary players. As soon as everyone saw them as being on a higher level, everyone’s requirements went up another level too. Wasn’t asking others for help in a PK very normal? But everyone felt like it was too unstylish for someone so high class.</p>
    <p>“F*ck!” Dazzling Spring shouted. He clearly despised his opponent’s action, but he could only run away. No one could directly win over a tank with a bunch of Clerics healing him. When he saw this action, Dazzling Spring was now very certain who this person was! He he originally thought it was highly probable it was this person, after all, no one else had the spare time to run over to the game to fight a boss. </p>
    <p>“Don’t run. Let me give you a good lesson. Did you really think you could go on a rampage without any fear in the game?” With help from the Clerics, Unrivaled Super Hottie clearly became more arrogant.</p>
    <p>Everyone was speechless again. If you’re that capable, then don’t bring Clerics with you. If you hadn’t brought Clerics, wouldn’t you have been the one to get cleaned up? Even though Unrivaled Super Hottie had put Dazzling Spring into a difficult situation too, Dazzling Spring clearly had the upper hand. Previously, Dazzling Spring had directly killed off Unrivaled Super Hottie, who had to be revived to fight back.</p>
    <p>Unrivaled Super Hottie’s equipment had been worse than Dazzling Spring’s to begin with. After dying, his stats would be reduced. If they fought head to head again, he would just die again. Who would have thought that this guy would directly call for a bunch of Clerics to help him. How could he shout like he was in the right?</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring looked quite patient. With Clerics helping the Knight, he obviously couldn’t contest him directly. At this moment, he was relying on his fast movements to circle around Unrivaled Super Hottie and target the Clerics helping him.</p>
    <p>“Clerics, protect yourselves!” Unrivaled Super Hottie shouted. The Clerics suddenly started to get flustered. Protect ourselves? More like you should be protecting us...... and he wants us to protect ourselves against such a terrifying enemy? Are you joking?!</p>
    <p>As proof that he wasn’t just saying this, when Dazzling Spring directly went for the Clerics, Unrivaled Super Hottie didn’t show any attempts at stopping him. It seemed like he was using the Clerics as bait, so he could use the opportunity to inflict heavy damage onto Dazzling Spring.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring open fired!</p>
    <p>With his high speed actions, he immediately engulfed the Clerics with a dazzling array of attacks.</p>
    <p>The Clerics immediately acted to protect themselves: run.</p>
    <p>The Knight didn’t have any intentions of helping them. It made the Clerics feel very angry. If he wouldn’t help them, then they wouldn’t help him. All of them sprinted towards their other teammates. Those guys would care for them, unlike Unrivaled Super Hottie.</p>
    <p>“What are you running for...... heal each other. Do you really think he can instantly kill all of you?” Unrivaled Super Hottie said helplessly. But previously, a squad of Clerics had been killed instantly. Everyone saw it very clearly. How could the Clerics not be scared?</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring didn’t chase after the Clerics. He turned around and aimed at Unrivaled Super Hottie.</p>
    <p>‘Hurry up and kill the boss!” Unrivaled Super Hottie immediately backed away. He looked like he was heading back to Tyrannical Ambition’s troops for protection.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring saw through his intentions and quickly stopped Unrivaled Super Hottie.</p>
    <p>“How much movement speed does your equipment add!” Unrivaled Super Hottie complained. He saw Dazzling Spring’s equipment. Apart from a bunch of jump height, the rest was a bunch hfo movement speed. Compared to a heavy Knight, who knew how much faster he moved.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring didn’t know either and attacked in a frenzy.</p>
    <p>Blossom Valley’s guild leader Blooming Blossom felt like he should do something. With a shout, Blossom Valley’s players joined the fray.</p>
    <p>They had no doubts about the identity of Dazzling Spring. He was the former team captain and ace player. It was an honor to play with him shoulder to shoulder. Who knew how many Blossom Valley players hoped to have the opportunity to interact with a God-level player like him.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale had already retired, but he definitely still had influence because no one in Team Hundred Blossoms was able to replace him yet. Tang Hao was a promising rookie, but according to Blossom Valley’s traditions, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms should be the core. Right now, the ace player was a Brawler. No one was used to it. Everyone hoped Zou Yuan could hurry up and become the core with Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, but Zou Yuan’s performance this season made them give up. He was pushed to do something beyond his abilities. He truly didn’t have the temperament of an ace player or at least he didn’t show it. It made it seem like Team Hundred Blossoms was being held up by Tang Hao. According to rumors, next season, Team Hundred Blossoms was trying to buy Team Wind Howl’s top Brawler character, Three Hits. Was Team Hundred Blossoms really going to become a team with a Brawler as the core?</p>
    <p>This was an issue that made Team Hundred Blossom fans very conflicted. Among them included elites from the guilds. Seeing the former captain Zhang Jiale in-game gave them hope again because at least they knew that Zhang Jiale hadn’t abandoned Glory. Or perhaps he was going to come back? They didn’t know, but they wanted to give this former captain of theirs an environment for him to fight in. It didn’t matter if it was in the game. Their original goal of the boss had been somewhat forgotten by Blossom Valley.</p>
    <p>None of the Blossom Valley players that rushed out went to attack Unrivaled Super Hottie. They immediately headed to stop Tyrannical Ambition from helping him.</p>
    <p>“Kill him!!!” The players from Blossom Valley suddenly shouted in unison. They cheered on their captain as if they were watching a pro match. </p>
    <p>Dazzling Spring’s movements clearly paused. He was clearly moved by actions from Blossom valley.</p>
    <p>For an enemy, this pause was an opening. Unrivaled Super Hottie instantly activated Knight’s Spirit and rushed at him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
