<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1331: Forceful</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1331: Forceful</h1>
    <p>Blood sprayed into the air. Everyone could clearly see the way Soft Mist's dDancing Fire Flowing Flame impaled Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>How could it be? </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>The crowd stared, dumbstruck with gasps of shock.</p>
    <p>First consumed by a Heat-Seeking Missile, then pierced through the chest by Soft Mist's spear. This was theirat most reliable captain, Wang Jiexi, and their most powerful character of their team, Vaccaria! Yet now he was hanging from the spear of that disgrace who had promised to 1v3, like helpless prey. What a joke… How could this happen?</p>
    <p>This couldn't be real!</p>
    <p>The audience in the stadium couldn't accept what was happening before their eyes, but the match wouldn't wait for them. Soft mMist retracted her spear and Vaccaria's Stardust Extermination seemed like it was about to fly up again, but before he could do so, Lord Grim arrived from above and crashed down.</p>
    <p>Eagle Stamp!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria was sent to the ground.</p>
    <p>Qi Blast!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had readied a high-level skill, and the turmoulous qi energy was blasted into Vaccaria's body. His magic robes swelled up and blood seemed to spray once more from where Soft Mist had impaled him.</p>
    <p>The qi energy silently broke Vaccaria down from the inside out, and Dancing Rain's X-1 Extruder arrived. Vaccaria was pulled in, unable to resist.</p>
    <p>Liu Xiaobie's Shadow Step clones flashed in and out, but from beginning to end, no one evenr really paid the clones any mind. Happy seemed to only see Vaccaria. The only attacks they went to deal with were the ones that would disrupt their offensive on Vaccaria. For example, Lord Grim landed once more and turned, suddenly shooting a bullet behind him. The bullet flew, heading directly for their Cleric, Aweto. He had been so close to finishing that long cast for Hypnosis, but in the final moments, Lord Grim had struck him...</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The X-1 Extruder finally exploded, and Vaccaria was once more consumed by light and fire. The audience couldn't keep watching, and nor could the members of Tiny Herb, on or off stage. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>This was their captain, the one that had always led them forth. How could he be toyed with by Happy like that?</p>
    <p>Formless Phantom Blade!</p>
    <p>Liu Xiaobie's Flying Swords threw forth a wave of sword-light wildly and crazily, cutting through the fire and light. Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree also darted into the sky with a Broom Tornado and then dropped down swiftly. Knight's Spirit! Xu Bin activated Angelica's Awakening skill and Angelica, under Knight's Spirit, used a Fair Heroic Leap, leaping to the other end with an earth-shaking landing.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb's three members stood steady around their captain, protecting him. But...</p>
    <p>Charged Artillery!</p>
    <p>Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow!</p>
    <p>That was when Dancing Rain and Boundless Sea simultaneously launched attacks, both using charged AoEs in a pincer attack. Even Angelica's Sighing Wall wouldn't be able to block these two attacks completely.</p>
    <p>These were the awakening skills of Dancing Rain and Boundless Sea, their specialty being that they could both be charged. After charging, their power was immense. No matter if it was the explosion that Charged Artillery created or the eruption of qi from Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow, neither of these were something that a shield could block completely. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Dodging was a priority, but what about their captain? Would he have the time to dodge this wave of attacks? </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>"Dodge!"</p>
    <p>In the Team Tiny Herb chat, an order appeared from their captain, clear as crystal.</p>
    <p>Everyone was mentally jolted back to clarity, and the Tiny Herb fans in the stadium began to cheer once more, and this was just an order. Tiny Herb hadn't even done anything yet!</p>
    <p>However, if that's what the captain wanted, then they had to dodge!</p>
    <p>Xu Bin, Gao Yingjie and Liu Xiaobie all scattered in their own direction and prepared to counterattack in accordance with their own observations and judgements. Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria had also raised his Stardust Extermination.</p>
    <p>"Happy really is bold…" In the broadcasting room, Pan Lin's comment was thus after he had finished admiring Happy's performance, wide eyed in surprise.</p>
    <p>Directly choosing Wang Jiexi as their main target was a bold enough strategy from Happy, but what was shocking was that they were carrying it out pretty well.</p>
    <p>"It's rare to see someone who can place Wang Jiexi at such a disadvantage," Pan Lin noted.</p>
    <p>"Perhaps, he's the only one…" Li Yibo replied.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin naturally knew who the "he" Li Yibo was talking was was. Ye Xiu, there was only Ye Xiu, the Ye Xiu that had been at the peak of Glory when Wang Jiexi had only just joined the alliance. Compared to the legend of three consecutive championships, Wang Jiexi was a mere Best Rookie in season three. It was impressive that he didn't hit Rookie's Block, but faced with the one who erected a dynasty of three consecutive championships, it was nothing. </p>
    <p>　　</p>
    <p>One, an ultimate god that had dominated the heavens like the sun, and the other, simply the most talented of a bunch of newbies. Against Wang Jiexi, what did Ye Xiu have to fear or worry about?</p>
    <p>Nothing. Nothing at all.</p>
    <p>Happy could execute such a bold plan of attack, because this member of Team Happy wasn't someone who feared and respected Wang Jiexi like most players.</p>
    <p>Attack, only relentless attack.</p>
    <p>When Xu Bin and the other two scattered, Wang Jiexi noticed that Happy's characters didn't react. They continued to fixate on the center of the pincer attack, on Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>Wasn't this a little too stubborn of them?</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi was surprised. Happy seemed to have set killing him as their ultimate goal . Were they not going to consider the result of this team competition any longer? Otherwise, why would they play in such an unbalanced waystyle? Why would they be so relentlessly stubborn in focusing their offense on him, even at such risks?</p>
    <p>Their attacks might be successful, but they'd pay a higher price to do so. Had they not thought of that? Or, perhaps, had they thought of it, but were ignoring it?</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria had already hopped onto Stardust Extermination, prepared to escape the terrifying attack Happy had was launchinged. However, that was when Ye Xiu Lord Grim and Tang Rou's Soft Mist charged over.</p>
    <p>They had done nothing when Xu Bin and co had escaped, but when Vaccaria moved, they immediately acted.</p>
    <p>This wasn't a good situation at all! If they came back to save him, then they would be hit by the two awakening skills. If they didn't, then there'd be little chance he could throw the both of them off, and those two skills were about to arrive. Was having the three of them dodge a bad judgementcall? Should they have gathered their strength to break through one side?</p>
    <p>In that moment, many thoughts flashed through Wang Jiexi's mind. This match, the simple map, had come to a situation that was rather complicated. The practice they had put into using this map's terrain to their own advantage had been for naught. The battle had erupted here. If they purposefully went to use the strategy they had originally planned with the steps, it might just have the opposite effect.</p>
    <p>But at least, they had to figure out their opponent's strategic intentions!</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The explosive power of the Charged Artillery was immense, and the thunderous boom blanketed everything. Meanwhile, Boundless Sea's Spirit Reaches to the Rainbow seemed to have been charged until it became tangible, finally blasting Vaccaria as well. This time, he failed to escape. Happy's members were more or less completely ignoring the other three members of Tiny Herb, fixated on Wang Jiexi. This definitely wasn't normal for any match. But this time, Happy had finally paid the price for such an unbalanced arrangement. Xu Bin and co, realizing that they had been ignored, turned back to counterattack and more or less repaid them for the damage Happy had dealt to Vaccaria in full.</p>
    <p>"Isn't Happy being a little too bull-headed?" Pan Lin called out, unable to comprehend their thought process.</p>
    <p>At first, their encirclement of Wang jJiexi really was very spectacular and successful, but this time, this was clearly an unequal trade. However, Happy still stubbornly tried to take out Vaccaria first, and what they traded for that, was the advantage they had worked so hard to build up.</p>
    <p>"Happy is truly too naive if they think it'll be so easy to defeat Tiny Herb's ace!" Ruan Cheng laughed, as if having completely forgotten how his soul had practically left his body when Wang Jiexi had been beaten down.</p>
    <p>"Happy is really being very forceful today," Li Yibo noted.</p>
    <p>"Heh. So this style is called being forceful? Maybe we could use a different adjective, like reckless?" Ruan Cheng's brain, particularly clever when it came to hating on Happy, once again got to work.</p>
    <p>"Have you two noticed Fang Rui's performance today?" Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"Fang Rui? Boundless Sea?" The two were both deep in thought.</p>
    <p>"Don't you two think that today's Fang Rui is particularly not Fang Rui? He hasn't done any dirty sneaking around, ambushes or strange tricks… Today, he hasn't used the style he's used to. Today, he's fighting openly and directly like a normal Qi Master!" Li Yibo explained.</p>
    <p>"Is he perhaps planning on changing styles again?" Ruan Cheng considered.</p>
    <p>"I don't think so. I think it's just because their offensive strategy today requires him to play such a role," Li Yibo analyzed. </p>
    <p>"Offensive strategy? What offensive strategy?" Ruan Cheng laughed.</p>
    <p>"Risk everything to wipe Wang Jiexi out," Li Yibo replied. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Heh," Ruan Cheng laughed again. "Too bad that this is a team competition. Defeating one person doesn't mean defeating a the whole team, no? No matter how central to the team. With this recklessness, I'm really curious how many of them will be left when they finish executing this 'offensive strategy' of theirs."</p>
    <p>How many will be left?</p>
    <p>It almost seemed like Happy really didn't care about this.</p>
    <p>Attack, relentlessly, furiously attack. Anything that didn't affect their offensive against Vaccaria, they ignored it, even if it would harm their characters or send them into a danger zone.</p>
    <p>Rising Dragon Soars the Sky! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Flash Burst!</p>
    <p>The last time. This was the last time.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea sent his qi energy into Vaccaria's body, and then the dragon condensed from the magical energy of Rising Dragon Soars the Sky roared as it crushed Vaccaria between its jaws.</p>
    <p>A net of sword energy instantly unleashed itself onto Boundless Sea. Fang Rui didn't seem to care about his own life, simply turning around for the last time. He saw Xu Bin's sword slam down against Soft Mist's head. The magical energy swirling around her instantly dispersed. He saw the ground approach rapidly, but he could no longer Quick Recover. He saw Vaccaria, far off, encircled by the magical energy of Rising Dragon Soars the Sky, which exploded along with the qi energy that had injected through Flash Burst.</p>
  </body>
</html>
