<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1106: Event Easter Egg</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1106: Event Easter Egg</h1>
    <p>The Gods certainly wouldn't overlook Steamed Bun's strength, but after a close investigation, they all shared the same thoughts as Jiang Botao: incomprehensible.</p>
    <p>"His mechanics are pretty solid, but his decision-making is rather fleeting." Lin Jingyan commented as the most experienced Brawler player in the chat.</p>
    <p>"That's what makes it incomprehensible!" Jiang Botao sighed.</p>
    <p>"To quote Zhang Xinjie: an excessively random player." Lin Jingyan said.</p>
    <p>"That sounds like something he would say." Li Xuan laughed. Zhang Xinjie was known for his strict manner, so randomness was his greatest enemy.</p>
    <p>"All these assessments are very good! He is indeed very random, and his movements are very hard to predict. He doesn't seem to use his experience and fights by relying on some sort of innate instinct." Jiang Botao said.</p>
    <p>"A natural destructor of balance." Wang Jiexi said.</p>
    <p>"Were there any other players like him before?" Jiang Botao asked.</p>
    <p>"Look at who typed before you." Lin Jingyan laughed.</p>
    <p>"Uh… the Magician was never this random." Jiang Botao said.</p>
    <p>"Is it because the Magician's innate instinct is more precise?" Lin Jingyan said.</p>
    <p>"That's a pretty accurate explanation." Jiang Botao was in a worshipping state.</p>
    <p>"But do you still have this kind of instinct now, Wang Jiexi?" Lin Jingyan asked.</p>
    <p>"Would you like to see for yourself?" Wang Jiexi said.</p>
    <p>"Haha, I wouldn't dare." Lin Jingyan laughed.</p>
    <p>"What will Steamed Bun Invasion's future be like?" Jiang Botao sent another thinking emoji.</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi was able to help Tiny Herb win the championships because he had adjusted his playstyle. Steamed Bun didn't have the same talent as Wang Jiexi though. Could he continue to persist with such a random fighting style?</p>
    <p>This kind of problem was difficult to answer, so the pro player chat fell silent. It was unknown what everyone was thinking. Perhaps it was about time for them to go to sleep…</p>
    <p>The first day of Ghost Parade came to an end.</p>
    <p>On the second day, the ghosts spawned again at the same time. However, some attentive players would notice that the number of ghosts that had spawned on the second day seemed to be greater than the first day.</p>
    <p>Kill kill kill!</p>
    <p>After gaining experience from day one, everyone no longer stumbled over fear before these weak ghosts. Although the ghosts had strong attacks, they had their own unique weaknesses. Even if the players couldn't fully grasp their weakness, everyone could just group up and help one another.</p>
    <p>As for the big guilds? They no longer hid or stayed on the conservative side. The moment the event started, they publicly announced in the guild for everyone to take note of the existence of any raised monsters.</p>
    <p>Raising was no longer a method in this type of environment, so all of the guilds gave up on this thought.</p>
    <p>Since they no longer had any strategical confrontations, it was natural for the leaderboards to have rises and drops on a large scale because everyone's point totals were very close. Of course, the ones in the lead were the pro players. In the end, the ranking was no longer important because it depended on a person's luck and the number of mobs they were able to find.</p>
    <p>Third day, fourth day, fifth day…...</p>
    <p>The event progressed mundanely. The headstart the characters from Happy had achieved on the first day couldn't serve as a strong foundation. Their ranks fell in the overall ranking. After all, effort was useless in this case because luck was something that couldn't be explained.</p>
    <p>The guild leaders of the big guilds finally let out a sigh of relief. They had been very worried if Ye Xiu had any demonic tricks up his sleeve. Now that a few days had passed, their hearts were at peace. They saw Lord Grim's rank fall from first to seventh in the current overall ranking, so all the guild leaders felt an unspeakable happiness from inside.</p>
    <p>However, they were still unhappy with the player on the top of the list.</p>
    <p>Deception!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan's luck in the event for the past few days was pretty good. He was even able to pull a decent lead over those behind him in the rankings. The event only had two days left. Unless someone had an extraordinary boost in luck, first place seemed to be Happy's.</p>
    <p>The guild leaders were also racking their brains and wanted to use different methods to help their pro players. However, during the few days of peace, they had discovered a truth: in this peaceful environment, Ye Xiu didn't seem to be so fearful; it was only when they tried to play tricks that they lost everything they invested by encountering Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Maybe they should gamble their luck for the next two days? If they concocted a plan, Ye Xiu might take advantage of it and send all of Happy's characters into the top ten though.</p>
    <p>It would be better to stay cautious!</p>
    <p>As they thought, the top guilds decided to not speak or act. On the sixth day of the event, Deception's place seemed immovable. However, Ye Xiu's luck seemed to have gotten worse; Lord Grim fell straight out of top ten. This brought happiness to all the big guilds just by looking at it.</p>
    <p>Following Lord Grim's drop from the ranks, Happy only had Deception who was first in the top ten, the rest had fallen out of the top ten.</p>
    <p>On the sixth day, it was the first time that all the spawned monsters were completely eliminated. No one would have thought that there was a bonus here. After the mobs had been cleared out, the system didn't announce the event's end for the day. Instead, it announced that after the monsters were all cleared, their Ghost Lair had been discovered by five heroic warriors.</p>
    <p>These five monster-slaying heroic warriors were Peaceful Hermit, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, Deception, Something to Hide, and Howling Fire.</p>
    <p>Everyone saw the names. These five were definitely not picked at random. They were the top five characters who managed to gain the most points today.</p>
    <p>The system then announced that the five warriors would each lead a small team of five to enter the Ghost Lair to find the ghost king. The team who killed the ghost king would be awarded with their choice of materials and equipment as rewards.</p>
    <p>When the details of this announcement came out, the teams that didn't make it in today's top five stamped their feet and beat their chest. The winner had the freedom to choose their rewards! Rewards like this were too too too tempting. All teams had a clear plan of what they needed, so rewards that could freely be chosen could complete their most crucial needs. However, the ones who had this opportunity were only those five characters. This meant that only their respective teams had the chance of getting this reward.</p>
    <p>Peaceful Hermit, Team Royal Style.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, Team Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Deception, Team Happy.</p>
    <p>Something to Hide, Team Misty Rain.</p>
    <p>Howling Fire, Team Wind Howl.</p>
    <p>Every character could bring five people, which meant that this was a standard team. The competition between the five teams would then unfold in the Ghost Lair, which was suspected to be a dungeon.</p>
    <p>The people, who didn't get the chance, were cursing, while the five, who got the chance, were already starting to organize their teams When the system announcement came out, the five each received a teleportation scroll to Ghost Lair. If the scroll wasn't used in ten minutes, it would self-destruct automatically. This meant that they must create a team within ten minutes.</p>
    <p>This was too easy for a team; they only had to bring in the formation of the main force and a five-man team would instantly be ready to go.</p>
    <p>However, Something to Hide had a bit of a problem. His player, Lu Yining, was a sub in Team Misty Rain. Especially after Misty Rain had enrolled the beautiful Sharpshooter sisters, as another Sharpshooter player, the chances of him leaving this summer were very high. Players, who were put in this sort of situation, wouldn't be in the mood to sacrifice their break to get stronger. This was because there was a high possibility that their character would no longer be theirs next season. However, each person would look at each problem differently. Lu Yining figured that the probability of transferring to another team was very high, so he joined the event with vigor. He hoped his professional and vigorous attitude would give his potential bosses good impressions, which was more beneficial for his future development.</p>
    <p>There was no difficulty in fighting these monsters for any pro player because everyone would have the same efficiency. Lu Yining's luck was pretty good today since he was ranked fourth and even helped Team Misty Rain get an entrance ticket to the event. When he realized that he was a character about to be abandoned by the team, Lu Yining truly had the heart to throw the scroll away. However, he clearly cared more about the feedback he would receive for his actions, so he could only forcefully raise his spirits to find his teammates from Misty Rain.</p>
    <p>Another player who had a problem was Deception.</p>
    <p>The system announcement was very clear about the bonus event, but the entrance ticket was a teleportation scroll that was only valid for ten minutes. Only Mo Fan knew this detail.</p>
    <p>He was waiting for Ye Xiu and the others to call for him to group up, but no one knew about the time limit, so they were taking their time in handling the tasks they had in hand. Seconds and minutes flew by. Mo Fan looked around, hoping that someone would notice him. No one did. Neither did anyone send him a message in the game.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>Nine minutes, eight minutes, seven minutes…...</p>
    <p>Two minutes!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan was so anxious that he stood up. With that, he was finally able to get everyone's attention.</p>
    <p>"Two minutes left." He said.</p>
    <p>"Hm?" Everyone was puzzled.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan looked at the teleportation scroll, which his mouse was hovering over. It was no longer two minutes, but 1 minute and 45 seconds.</p>
    <p>"Form a party for the Ghost Lair." Mo Fan said.</p>
    <p>"Oh oh, let me see who should go!" Ye Xiu looked to the left and right unhurriedly.</p>
    <p>"Quick, one minute and half!" Mo Fan said.</p>
    <p>"There's a time limit? Fuck, why did you only tell us this when there's only a minute and half left!" After Ye Xiu understood, he panicked. "Little Tang, Steamed Bun, Mucheng, let's go!"</p>
    <p>The moment Mo Fan heard Ye Xiu randomly call out the names of the people he picked, he quickly sent team invitations to the characters. It was only when he was about to type their names that he realized he hadn't even added these people as friends.</p>
    <p>The sweat on Mo Fan's head was about to fall, his hand speed increased explosively while Ye Xiu was hurrying him: "Hurry hurry hurry." Due to a slip of his hand, he messed up on of the names. Dancing Rain... such a strange name*. Mo Fan even hurried and cursed at it.</p>
    <p>At last, the five-man team was formed when the scroll only had ten seconds left. Mo Fan didn't even dare delay for half a second as he clicked the 'use' button with a right click. Happy's five-man team entered the Ghost Lair.</p>
    <p>"Stay alert." After they were teleported, this was the first thing Ye Xiu said. Only one team could win the prize, but the system didn't explain how they would get it. Did each team enter different dungeons and compete for the fastest speed? Or did they all enter one dungeon, so they would have to fight the ghost king as well as one another? None of this was known at the moment. Ye Xiu reminded them to stay alert beforehand in order to avoid the second situation. He quickly spun around in a full circle and began observing the situation in the Ghost Lair.</p>
    <p>*TL Note: (沐雨橙风) Dancing Rain. It's a play on Su Mucheng's (苏沐橙) name, which makes it easy to make a mistake. The first two characters 沐雨 is a play on 沐浴, which means to bathe. The first character is replaced with part of Su Mucheng's name. The third and fourth characters 橙风 is a play on 乘风. The third character is replaced with another part of Su Mucheng's name. The name (沐雨橙风) comes from a poem (载驰载驱 , 沐雨栉风), which translates to "Gallop swiftly horses, keep moving in spite of the wind and rain." That was shortened to Dancing Rain. Fun fact, Su Mucheng/the author Butterfly Blue likes to name characters after poems. Lord Grim, One Autumn Leaf come from poems. Peaceful Hermit, Vaccaria, Desert Dust, Blue Bridge Spring Snow, Sleeping Moon, and many more also come from poems.</p>
  </body>
</html>
