<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1028: It Ends Here</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1028: It Ends Here</h1>
    <p>Su Mucheng's performance caused many of her die hard Excellent Era fans forget to cheer because this kind of strategy was indeed very different from her usual style.</p>
    <p>When Ye Xiu was still on the team, Su Mucheng's Launcher had always played a supportive role. Her character's coordination with One Autumn Leaf had always been very distinct.</p>
    <p>After Ye Xiu left the team, his successor, Sun Xiang, didn't have this same kind of implicit understanding with Su Mucheng. Dancing Rain's position on the team also appeared awkward for a time.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, Su Mucheng rapidly adjusted herself, transforming from a support player into one of the main damage dealers. Yet even so, her style still wasn't as aggressive and unyielding as what she was showing today.</p>
    <p>In reality, not being aggressive and unyielding was something that many people often accused female players of. Team Misty Rain's Captain Chu Yunxiu had constantly been flamed by critics because of this, to the point that it was considered one of her trademark weaknesses.</p>
    <p>Except now, Su Mucheng was actually showcasing this kind of tough playstyle, making many people feel taken aback. Even a player like Sun Zheping had been suppressed to the point that he had no way to directly attack. It was obvious how intense her firepower had to be to reach this point.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping's Another Summer of Sleep and the wall behind him were both overturned, but Dancing Rain's offensive didn't stop for a moment. Only now could it be seen that Su Mucheng's original positioning of Dancing Rain on high ground wasn't to conceal her character to discreetly launch a sneak attack. Instead, it was done in order to obtain a wider field of view so as to allow her Launcher's attacks to cover a larger area. Attacking from afar allowed her to utilize her strength to the maximum.</p>
    <p>Another Summer of Sleep still hadn't climbed out of the pile of rubble from the broken wall. A Stinger had long since been launched and had split in midair, the fragments raining downwards. This skill shot out at an arc. Although the distance the projectile could travel wasn't actually that long, Dancing Rain was currently towering above all on the high ground. The range of this skill had been increased a lot because of this.</p>
    <p>The Stinger exploded above the ruins, turning the area into a sea of fire in the blink of an eye. Another Summer of Sleep suddenly rose, sweeping off the fragments of stone on his body. Looking at him, it really felt like a dramatic change.</p>
    <p>However, Su Mucheng didn't let up at all. Dancing Rain had long since finished charging up a Laser Rifle. In the instant that Another Summer of Sleep burst forth, the laser beam was also released. Another Summer of Sleep's awe-inspiring pose didn't last even a second before he was pushed back by the Laser Rifle, sliding quite a distance. His feet had carved out two parallel grooves as he traveled.</p>
    <p>At this moment, the stadium finally recovered and exploded in applause.</p>
    <p>Facing Sun Zheping, a player who was defined by his aggressive playstyle, Su Mucheng was actually able to answer with aggressive plays of her own! Furthermore, her opponent didn't even have an opportunity to respond! If they didn't applaud for this kind of brilliant performance, what would they applaud for?</p>
    <p>In comparison, Shen Jian's previous performance, which had been like a sheep in wolf's clothing, was unbearable. Except at this moment, who was even still thinking about his clumsy display? It was only brought up because the commentators used it as a comparison when they were looking for topics to talk about. After that, they went back to speaking about Su Mucheng's beautiful performance.</p>
    <p>It really isn't easy ...</p>
    <p>Even Sun Zheping, who was currently onstage, felt a sense of sorrow. He had lost many matches before, but there had been very very few in which he had absolutely no opportunity to advance on his opponent. Today, the beautiful Su Mucheng had set her heart on showcasing her power! Honestly, when he saw Su Mucheng go onstage, Sun Zheping had had some doubts about the quality of the match. Right now, since he was helping Happy compete, he obviously wouldn't shy away from any topics or problems regarding Excellent Era. He knew that Su Mucheng was in a very tangled situation. In this kind of match, would a beautiful girl still be able to display her full strength? In his heart, there was originally a question mark.</p>
    <p>Now, however, the question mark was smashed to pieces. Su Mucheng had fought to the point that he had no way to push forward. This was practically exceeding her full strength.</p>
    <p>However, although Sun Zheping understood Su Mucheng's inner turmoil, he wouldn't go easy on her during the competition. In his opinion, these were two completely unrelated things. In any case, all he was concerned with was winning the competition. It didn't matter who his opponent was. It didn't matter what the situation looked like. It didn't matter how he felt, or what his state of mind was. On the stage, outside of victory or defeat, there was nothing else ...</p>
    <p>If strength wasn't enough, then what about tactics?</p>
    <p>No, this was never Sun Zheping's style. It hadn't been many years ago, and it wasn't now. Perhaps there were many people secretly watching, watching to see if Sun Zheping had lost some of his former grandeur after being forced to retire due to an injury. Sun Zheping wanted these people to know that, even if he had a hand injury, even if he could only fight at a high skill level for a few minutes each time, in these trifling minutes, he wouldn't back down. He would press onwards with the same vigor, because that was his style. This was Sun Zheping. The grace and elegance of the Number One Berserker would not fade for any reason. Even if it could only manifest for a few minutes, so be it. In these few minutes, everyone would witness the grace, the beauty, the marvel, the brilliance, the excitement, the delight. This was the way of the Number One Berserker.</p>
    <p>Another Summer of Sleep suddenly charged forward. Su Mucheng saw this clearly, immediately firing three Anti-Tank Missiles. Another Summer of Sleep raised his sword, releasing a Whirlwind Strike!</p>
    <p>The blade of the sword swung towards the incoming projectile. The flames of the explosion were sliced clean in half by the sword, fluttering harmlessly before dissipating next to his body. One, then another, then the third and final one were all chopped in half by Sun Zheping in an aggressive manner. Another Summer of Sleep continued charging forth with large strides.</p>
    <p>Everyone was stupefied. Under this kind of suppressive firepower, he actually still wanted to push forward. This kind of style was completely unreasonable. It was absolutely crazy!</p>
    <p>Had any other player acted this way, they would likely have been seen as courting death. However, Sun Zheping and his Another Summer of Sleep pushed onwards step by step, beating into the hearts of every person watching. All they saw was this pro player and his character, possessing unyielding determination, tenaciously push forward. Step by step, they never stopped to rest. Perhaps he would die on this road, but never would he even think of compromising.</p>
    <p>"This guy!!" At this moment, all of Happy's players felt incredibly moved.</p>
    <p>Throwing the game?</p>
    <p>If anyone watching this match still entertained these ideas, they really should be dragged out of the stadium and executed by a firing squad a hundred times over.**</p>
    <p>This confrontation was one that required full commitment from both sides. There wouldn't be anyone throwing the match, nor would either side back down. Everything this stage represented, everything it embodied, all of it came down to the two players' Glory. At this moment, everything else became truly irrelevant.</p>
    <p>Victory! This was what both sides were trying so hard to achieve.</p>
    <p>Everyone present was influenced by the players passion. They too forgot everything. At this moment, all their attention was drawn to the confrontation unfolding before their eyes. Their only concern was who would attain victory. Not one person even considered the many consequences that would arise from either side's victory.</p>
    <p>Who would win? Who would lose?</p>
    <p>No one blinked, all eyes focused on the two characters on stage. Another Summer of Sleep — a character name that sounded extremely languid and laid back. No one knew what was going through Sun Zheping's mind when he came up with a name that had nothing in common with his playstyle. But now, the languidly-named Another Summer of Sleep had finished his Long March.*** Now, he had finally arrived in front of Dancing Rain, and he could finally sink his teeth into the one who had hindered his journey, the opponent who had lined his road with a thousand different obstacles and dangers.</p>
    <p>However, it was also at this moment that Dancing Rain finally took a step back ...</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping's strike only struck air. He stared blankly.</p>
    <p>When he recovered his senses a moment later, he unexpectedly laughed.</p>
    <p>He had only been thinking of charging forward, and he forgot. He forgot that Su Mucheng wasn't him. In these circumstances, Sun Zheping would stay and collide his opponent head on. But Su Mucheng, she temporarily retreated. This was something that Sun Zheping would never choose to do. Yet, it indeed was the smarter choice.</p>
    <p>I'm going to lose ...</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping knew this in the bottom of his heart. His opponent had fought more intelligently, whereas he had perhaps only been recklessly acting without thought all along.</p>
    <p>It really was a pity because he wouldn't have many more opportunities to play so recklessly, without a regard for the rules. He really missed the old days, when he so recklessly fight onstage however much he wanted.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain retreated, and in the blink of an eye a Satellite Beam descended from the sky. Another Summer of Sleep had finally reached the last thread of his life, collapsing onto the ground. He brought with him Sun Zheping's profound regret, not only for this match, but for his entire Glory career. Even when he could only compete for a few minutes, he still was that Sun Zheping. Yet, such a short amount of time truly couldn't satisfy him ...</p>
    <p>The group arena had finally concluded. Su Mucheng was victorious. Excellent Era finally won one point.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping walked out of the player booth first. The entire stadium was silent. Gradually, however, sounds of applause rang out, eventually spreading to the entire stadium.</p>
    <p>In the past, Team Happy had only received booing and derision. Now, they were suddenly being applauded?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>At this moment, they were applauding was for Sun Zheping. Although he had lost, through this one match, every person had experienced and appreciated his unyielding fortitude. Why did this kind of player have to suffer the misfortune of a hand injury, which was deadly to pro players? No one could voice the regret they fell. The audience could only send their respect and blessings through applause.</p>
    <p>Afterwards, the applause was directed towards Su Mucheng, who had obtained victory for the team. The audience waited for Su Mucheng to exit the player booth. However, they discovered that Dancing Rain hadn't immediately logged off after winning. At this moment, she was still standing onstage.</p>
    <p>"My time with Excellent Era ends here."</p>
    <p>In the competition channel which had yet to be closed, this sentence suddenly appeared. Before anyone could react, Dancing Rain logged out, disappearing from the stage. Immediately afterwards, Su Mucheng exited the player booth.</p>
    <p>For a moment, that inexplicable sentence caused the audience's applause to become scattered. Soon after, under the gaze of everyone present in the stadium, Su Mucheng walked off of the stage towards the team benches. When she passed the Excellent Era bench area, she didn't stop, walking all the way over to Happy's area before sitting down.</p>
    <p>The entire stadium exploded. Amidst the commotion it was impossible to make sense of anything. However, Su Mucheng didn't care at all. At this moment, she felt more calm and at ease than she had in a year and a half. She no longer felt any inner turmoil, nor any burden weighing her down. Everything had returned to the beginning, when she had followed her brother and Ye Xiu as they struggled to make a living through video games. It had been hard, it had been exhausting, but they had been content.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng felt tears begin to form in her eyes. She quickly buried her face in the shoulder of the person sitting next to her.</p>
    <p>"Leave the rest to me!" That person said.</p>
    <p>"Okay...." Su Mucheng agreed. In reality, she had never wanted the spotlight for herself ...</p>
    <p>Translator's Thoughts</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Nomyummi</p>
    <p>** This is the literal translation of 枪毙一百遍. The translators do not condone violence in any form.</p>
    <p>*** 万里长征 refers to the Long March that the Communist Party of China took from October 1934 to October 1935 in order to escape from the Chinese Nationalist Party. Literally, it can be translated as "thousand mile expedition," although the Long March reportedly spanned over 5600 miles. This event would eventually cement Mao Zedong's ascent to power.</p>
    <p>--Veriquity</p>
  </body>
</html>
