<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1425 - Time Difference</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1425 - Time Difference</h1>
    <p>“Beautiful!” Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>Burst Grenade was undoubtedly a tool to forcefully break encirclements. Blue Rain had intended on using this skill to do so, but before they could act, Happy threw out their own Burst Grenade.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella only had one gunner form, and in this match, it had been shown that Laser Beam had been added on as the bonus skill. It was not possible for him to have access to any other high-leveled gunner skill. This Burst Grenade must have come from Dancing Rain’s Devouring Sun.</p>
    <p>This grenade successfully invaded Blue Rain’s space and exploded. Everyone thought Blue Rain’s control over the situation had been destroyed, and Happy would be able to rescue their healer. However, in that instant, Huang Shaotian was able to complete an Immortal Guides the Way and borrow the blow-away effect of the skill to send Little Cold Hands flying.</p>
    <p>This move was like a gift from the heavens. The fans of Team Blue Rain had experienced several ups and downs in just a split second. Just as they thought that they had lost, Huang Shaotian pulled them back.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen was careful. He didn’t dare waste Huang Shaotian’s save. The airborne Flowing Cloud swung his greatsword towards Little Cold Hands. On the other end, Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain fired a Stun Bullet and an Ice Bullet towards this side while in the air. They would not let Little Cold Hands escape so easily.</p>
    <p>The knockback from a level one Burst Grenade was limited. Compared to the Burst Grenade from Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain, the sand and dust lifted from the explosion only covered a small area. Blue Rain’s unity of will was an impregnable stronghold, forcefully keeping the situation under control. Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud stuck close to Little Cold Hands, and Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain immediately dashed over as soon as he landed back onto the ground.</p>
    <p>But inside this small-scale cloud of dust, Huang Shaotian noticed a bright flame swaying down.</p>
    <p>“Fuck!”</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian immediately realized what it was.</p>
    <p>Heat-Seeking Missile!</p>
    <p>This skill possessed both a large AoE and strong knockback. It had to be blocked no matter what.</p>
    <p>But was where enough time?</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain swung his sword with a Sword Draw, the sword light splitting the yellow sand in half. But it wasn’t enough!</p>
    <p>It was just off by a bit, but the sword light wasn’t able to reach the Heat-Seeking Missile’s signal in time.</p>
    <p>It’s over!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt helpless. This time, there was nothing he could do. But the instant his sword light missed, a black light suddenly flew out. With a shua, the signal was cut out of the air.</p>
    <p>Soul Slice!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was delighted. He turned his head and saw Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar. Swoksaar had sent out a precise attack at a crucial moment, bringing Blue Rain back once again.</p>
    <p>“Steady!” Yu Wenzhou reminded everyone in the chat. The signal, knocked away by the Soul Slice, did not land in Team Blue Rain’s space, but the Heat-Seeking Missile that followed soon afterwards dropped down in a column of flames. An enormous explosion erupted, sending yellow sand everywhere like a volcano. The sand flew into the air and then dropped down like heavy rain. Blue Rain felt a lingering fear, seeing this scene. This attack was far more terrifying than Burst Grenade.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang bang.</p>
    <p>Amidst the turbid cloud of yellow sand, sounds of gunfire could be heard. Several black shadows dropped down towards where Blue Rain had trapped Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>FIM-92 Stinger!</p>
    <p>Using the yellow sand as cover, the Stinger had burst apart into multiple missiles before falling down. With the number of missiles there, Blue Rain could not deal with them one by one. Their only choice was to do their best and avoid them. But right at this moment, An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands had struggled out and was heading towards the center of Stinger’s AoE. Seeing that there was no hopes of him being rescued, An Wenyi decided that he would drag them down and make both sides suffer.</p>
    <p>But what could Blue Rain do? If they didn’t give chase, An Wenyi might actually be able to escape. Fortunately, Stinger didn’t have a strong knockback like the previous two skills. It wouldn’t be able to break apart the situation, but it would still deal some damage.</p>
    <p>In this final exchange, Happy had the upper hand. They were fully utilizing their home game advantage. Taking advantage of the yellow sand as cover, Happy was able to sneak in attack after attack. Blue Rain had just narrowly escaped twice, but there was nothing they could do about the final Stinger.</p>
    <p>Happy wasn’t done yet with their harassment. After the Stinger and yellow sand baptism, a crack suddenly appeared in the air. With a rumbling sound, a Death’s Door opened wide.</p>
    <p>Everyone in Blue Rain went white.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was no longer there, which meant only Lord Grim could have used this skill.</p>
    <p>A level one Death’s Door had lower range and dealt less damage. Even so, its main threat laid in its ability to disrupt the situation. As a result, quite a few Warlocks wouldn’t bother leveling Death’s Door too much. A few points in it was good enough.</p>
    <p>A level one Death’s Door had a short range, but Ye Xiu had timed it perfectly. An Wenyi seemed to have received a signal. His Little Cold Hands was running for his life towards there. It looked as if he wanted to jump through the door.</p>
    <p>“Go away!”</p>
    <p>Immortal Guides the Way!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian shouted. This time, it was Lu Hanwen that used the skill, forcefully blowing Little Cold Hands away. Blue Rain gave chase as the black tendrils from Death’s Door reached out for them.</p>
    <p>Luckily, it’s only level one!</p>
    <p>After escaping from Death’s Door’s range, Blue Rain felt incredibly relieved. But soon afterwards, the worst thing that could happen happened.Happy’s three attackers were rushing over, behind them was the corpse of Blue Rain’s healer, Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>In the end, Happy was able to eliminate Blue Rain’s healer first, while Little Cold Hands still had 5% of his health left. The harassment from Happy had completely disrupted Blue Rain’s attacks.</p>
    <p>However, one combo was enough to take out 5%.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s four characters quickly chased after Little Cold Hands, ready to kill him regardless of anything else.</p>
    <p>An attack fell!</p>
    <p>A holy light suddenly surrounded Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>Holy Cure! A powerful instant heal. It had a very long cooldown, and Little Cold Hands had already used it not too long ago, so it couldn’t have been ready yet. It was undoubtedly another annoyance by Lord Grim. This time, he had added a heal to his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. It was only level one, but it could not be ignored.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was healing, but Dancing Rain and Boundless Sea were attacking. Launchers and Qi Masters did not lack AoE, and the AoEs were coming. Yu Wenzhou and Zheng Xuan were fine. As long-ranged classes, they didn’t need to stick close to Little Cold Hands. But Huang Shaotian and Lu Hanwen needed to stay close to Little Cold Hands to do anything. Su Mucheng and Fang Rui knew this and took advantage of it, forcing the two to take damage.</p>
    <p>Even so, Little Cold Hands didn’t have much health left. Ye Xiu’s heal wasn’t enough for one combo from Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain. All it did was delay the inevitable. Finally, Little Cold Hands fell, and Blue Rain’s players let out a sigh of relief.</p>
    <p>4v3 without healers.</p>
    <p>It looked to be time for Blue Rain to launch a counterattack, but Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash had quietly appeared from behind Blue Rain. With a chant, a ghost boundary was laid down, and without any pause or hesitation, One Inch Ash was like a phantom demon as he ferociously tore into Blue Rain. Ye Xiu, Fang Rui, and Su Mucheng immediately followed suit.</p>
    <p>4v3?</p>
    <p>The 4v3 never happened.</p>
    <p>“What perfect timing!” Pan Lin exclaimed.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo was silent. Was it really a coincidence? Li Yibo was hesitant, but Yu Wenzhou was certain that it was.</p>
    <p>This was Happy’s map. They had a clear understanding of the distance between this location and the support zone. They knew exactly how long it would take to complete a character trade, or for the sixth player to sub in after a death.</p>
    <p>It was a difference in timing. By the time Happy’s sixth player arrived, Blue Rain’s sixth player would have only just started. Blue Rain may have the numbers advantage, but if one of their characters wasn’t there yet, the advantage was negated until he arrived.</p>
    <p>4v4. It was a 4v4. And Happy had a fierce warrior in their midsts. He seemed to have no regard for his own character’s health. He rushed straight into the enemy lines and cut off Blue Rain’s retreat.</p>
    <p>Then, a pincer!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, and Fang Rui fought crazily too, completely disregarding their own characters, trading blow for blow.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain didn’t want this sort of fight, but Happy had cut off their retreat and then focused them, giving Blue Rain no chance to maneuver around. If I’m going to die, then you might as well die with me.</p>
    <p>Steady?</p>
    <p>We can’t!</p>
    <p>Defending required a healer to rely upon. If not, if one player met the focus of four enemies, run? Block? None of those could completely deal with the situation. To do so required support from other players, which was the current situation. Blue Rain was now deeply entangled with Happy.</p>
    <p>If this continued, Happy might not have the upper hand though. A team competition wasn’t like an individual competition, where whoever was attacking had the upper hand. In 4v4s, who was attacking and who was defending constantly fluctuated. Right now, it was a chaotic mess. No one was able to easily escape. But Happy had nothing after this, while Blue Rain had their sixth player coming. Happy had the step up the entire time, but was this going to be the end result? Both sides were suffering, but once Blue Rain’s sixth player came, it would be a 5v4. He would just need to wave his hands, and wouldn’t this match be over?</p>
    <p>No, this wasn’t the case.</p>
    <p>At the final moment, Yu Wenzhou finally understood.</p>
    <p>Happy’s plan for the team competition relied on their two point advantage from the group arena!</p>
  </body>
</html>
