<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1569 - Life-Risking Strike</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1569 - Life-Risking Strike</h1>
    <p>Everything was a mess.</p>
    <p>The broadcast team was in chaos. Pan Lin and Li Yibo had just been lamenting over Ye Xiu’s accomplishments. Then, they watched as their grieved person turned into a Spirit Cat.</p>
    <p>“Angel’s Wing! The light has blinded you!” Ye Xiu had already started his taunts. The broadcast hadn’t been able to catch that Switch. When they hastily switched over to Immovable Rock, Lord Grim had already jumped into the air, slashing towards Immovable Rock’s back with a Life-Risking Strike.</p>
    <p>The pro player chat group was in chaos too. Too many things had happened all at once. Even they didn’t know where to start. The biggest question right now: where did that Life-Risking Stike come from?</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella had a total of 12 forms, giving Lord Grim a total of 12 high-level skills excluding class advancement and awakening ones. Every match with Ye Xiu turned into a sort of guessing game in the Glory community to which 12 skills he possessed. These 12 skills would occasionally be revealed during a match. After all, there was a purpose to every skill choice. The skill would be used if it could help him win.</p>
    <p>What about today’s match? Those playing the guessing game were naturally keeping track of which skills had been used, and the pro players loved to play this game.</p>
    <p>Heroic Leap, Poison Needle, Underground Tunneling Technique, Flickering Stab, Wind Wave Sword, Magnetic Field Coil, Maelstrom Counterattack.</p>
    <p>Everyone had been counting. He had also just summoned a Spirit Cat and used Switch, making it a total of 9 out of 12 skills revealed.</p>
    <p>Life-Risking Strike seemed to be one, but it didn’t make sense. Everyone knew what forms the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella could transform into. Three Priest forms, two Mage forms, two Fighter forms, two Swordmaster forms, two Night Walker forms, and one Gunner form, a total of twelve.</p>
    <p>In today’s match, he had already used two Night Walker skills, Underground Tunneling Technique and Flickering Stab.</p>
    <p>He only had two Night Walker weapon forms, so how could he have a third Night Walker skill like Life-Risking Strike?</p>
    <p>There was a thirteenth weapon form?</p>
    <p>It was everyone’s first thought, but when they took a closer look, everyone coughed blood.</p>
    <p>Myriad Manifestations Umbrella? Lord Grim had put it away in his inventory. Lord Grim was currently holding a Dagger.</p>
    <p>He had switched weapons…</p>
    <p>For Gunners, switching weapons was called Dual Gun Style. For Swordmasters, switching weapons was called Dual Sword Style, and so on and so forth. They could all be collectively referred to as Weapon Switching Style.</p>
    <p>Unspecialized… to use skills from different classes, they needed to equip different class weapons to fight. They were the biggest proponent of this Weapon Switching Style. The reason why other classes would choose to use a Weapon Switching Style was to make their movesets more flexible. On the other hand, unspecialized players chose to switch weapons out of helplessness. If they didn’t, there was no way for them to play. As a result, among the classes that could employ a Weapon Switching Style, unspecialized players actually hated it the most.</p>
    <p>For unspecialized players, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella in Ye Xiu’s hands was their biggest dream. It was a weapon that could transform into twelve different weapon forms. It would let them say bye-bye to the Weapon Switching Style.</p>
    <p>However, despite already having a weapon with 12 different forms, Lord Grim unexpectedly carried a 12th one so that he could switch weapons. No one knew what to say.</p>
    <p>The pro players instantly began to curse at him, showing off their hand speed.</p>
    <p>As for the live crowd? Because of the projection technology, the live crowd hadn’t missed it just because the broadcast had. They had seen Desert Dust strike the SPirit Cat, while Lord Grim appeared where the Spirit Cat had originally been.</p>
    <p>Life-Risking Strike!</p>
    <p>Blood for blood, life for life.</p>
    <p>The damage dealt by the skill depended on the user’s health. The proportion between damage dealt and health burned was determined by the level of the skill.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had added it to his weapon as a bonus skill, so it could only be level one. The amount of damage it dealt was limited.</p>
    <p>Was this strike enough to instant kill Immovable Rock? No one bothered to make calculations because the answer would soon be revealed.</p>
    <p>The ones in the most chaos were Tyranny’s players. This change had been too sudden. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred BLossoms was currently attacking Dancing Rain. Song Qiying’s River Sunset was in an intense fight with Tang Rou’s Soft Mist. Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder was trying to eliminate the threat of Happy’s Summoner. In that instant, their backs had been facing there. They didn’t know about what had just happened.</p>
    <p>Up until Ye Xiu’s taunting. Han Wenqing typed.</p>
    <p>“Healer”</p>
    <p>When Desert Dust struck the Spirit Cat, he immediately sent out a warning. He hadn’t panicked. He had commanded the team as the captain for ten years. Giving out clear orders was instinct to him.</p>
    <p>Others might have warned with a “Switch”.</p>
    <p>But that was too vague. Switch? Switch to where?</p>
    <p>Even if Tyranny’s players were experienced, if they saw this instruction, they wouldn’t have thought of the Summoner’s Switch skill.</p>
    <p>The word Switch had multiple meanings. Giving this sort of order would only confuse the team even further.</p>
    <p>But Han Wenqing wouldn’t make this sort of mistake.</p>
    <p>The Switch had happened already. The players fighting didn’t need anyone to explain what was going on in the battlefield. What they needed to know was what the next step should be and how they should take it.</p>
    <p>“Healer”</p>
    <p>A single clear word!</p>
    <p>On the other hand, Ye Xiu’s taunting was eight words along with two exclamation marks.</p>
    <p>There were many players who talked trash, but there were very few who let their trash talking get in the way of their playing. Everyone knew what the priority was.</p>
    <p>While Han Wenqing had hastily warned his team using just a single word, Ye Xiu took his time to type out his message. Just from this comparison, it could be seen which side was in a more dire situation.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s three players turned to look. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms even fired towards there as he did so. With hundreds of matches of experience, he had unconsciously noticed how abnormal Han Wenqing’s sudden warning had been.</p>
    <p>By the time they turned their heads to look, all they saw was Lord Grim with his dagger pierced through Immovable Rock’s heart. Immovable Rock hadn’t turned to look. He was holding his Backlight Cross, about to cast an Instant Heal on himself.</p>
    <p>But it was too late.</p>
    <p>Dead.</p>
    <p>When he saw his rapidly dropping health bar, Zhang Xinjie knew it already.</p>
    <p>He had guessed that it was a Life-Risking Strike. And right now, only Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had the ability to use this skill.</p>
    <p>Everyone else was waiting to see the outcome of this strike, but Zhang Xinjie? He was very confident in Ye Xiu. For him to use as risky of a move as Life-Risking Strike, he was certain that Ye Xiu had calculated it. This strike wouldn’t give him any opportunity to turn things around. One hit certain death, OHKO.</p>
    <p>The glow from Backlight Cross receded.</p>
    <p>The Angel’s Wings lost its luster and then shattered.</p>
    <p>Immovable Rock plunged towards the ground, his name had turned gray.</p>
    <p>31 minutes 58 seconds. Team Tyranny had lost Zhang Xinjie, their healer.</p>
    <p>Apart from Han Wenqing, the other Tyranny members didn’t know how it had happened, including Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>All they saw was Lord Grim next to the dead Immovable Rock, as well as the dagger in Lord Grim’s hands.</p>
    <p>Life-Risking Strike!</p>
    <p>It had to be Life-Risking Strike. There was no other skill that had such explosive burst.</p>
    <p>If it was Life-Risking Strike, then you die too!</p>
    <p>Having lost their healer, Tyranny needed to kill Ye Xiu, and the opportunity was right there.</p>
    <p>After Life-Risking Strike, he wouldn’t be able to get healed for a certain amount of time.</p>
    <p>For a level one Life-Risking Strike, the proportion between health burned and damage dealt couldn’t be high. Thus, Lord Grim’ had burned away nearly all his health, leaving him with only 7% left.</p>
    <p>With 7% health left, a group attack would instantly kill him.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny couldn’t be happy just yet. Of their four attackers, three of them were close-ranged and quite far from Lord Grim. Song Qiying and Tang Rou were fighting against each other. The two were interlocked, unable to escape from each other. Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust was free to move around, but he was the farthest away. By the time he reached there, who knew if Ye Xiu would still be around.</p>
    <p>In order to eliminate the threat of Ye Xiu from the rest of the team, Han Wenqing had tried his best to push Lord Grim as far away from them as possible. But with this Switch, Lord Grim instantly returned back to where he was. Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust was now all alone. For a moment, he would have no impact on the battle. He had originally been the clearest on Tyranny about the situation and the first to react. But because of how far away he was, and because he was a Striker, all he could do was type… type!!!!!</p>
    <p>There was no need for him to type anymore. Everyone on Tyranny knew what to do. Desert Dust rushed back. Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder left Concealed Light to attack Lord Grim. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms continued to attack. He had always been the biggest threat towards Ye Xiu, but right now, he wasn’t able to do what he wanted. As soon as he turned, Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain immediately multiplied the pressure onto him.</p>
    <p>Burst!</p>
    <p>Before Zhang Jiale could send out a burst of attacks, Su Mucheng acted first. She went all out, using everything she had, turning the surroundings into scorched earth. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was in the middle of the storm, taking a huge chunk of damage. As for Lord Grim? That Frost Wolf was running towards him, becoming Lord Grim’s protection. The three summons that had previously been attacking Immovable Rock were still alive!</p>
  </body>
</html>
