<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1087: Misdirect</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1087: Misdirect</h1>
    <p>The entire situation was in chaos. The guilds kept switching targets. The players felt as if there were numerous bosses out there. In reality, the real boss, the Dragon Swordsman, was still sitting peacefully in the center of the circle. Although it was chaotic, not a single attack actually hit the boss.</p>
    <p>It was clear that there was clear thinking and decision-making behind this madness. They all knew what would truly tip the scales of battle. The couldn't touch the Dragon Swordsman yet. Whoever did would become a target for everyone. With everyone so happily attacking all at once, whoever stood out and became a target would end up as minced meat.</p>
    <p>Thus, all the guilds hoped that someone else would make this mistake, but they found that all the other players were just as rational.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's Battle Mage suddenly darted out from the crowd as if in a panic and came to a position where he stood out a lot.</p>
    <p>Killing Gods was something everyone found enjoyable. It was just that after the first wave of attacks, everyone would be making sure to protect their own Gods while they attacked others. As a result, it became more and more difficult to find their target. However, at this moment, Ye Xiu's Battle Mage had exposed himself to the guilds!</p>
    <p>Don't hesitate!</p>
    <p>Everyone's attacks turned towards him. However, Ye Xiu's Battle Mage was faster than a rabbit, darting off in another direction with a whoosh.</p>
    <p>"He's going after the boss!!!" Someone suddenly realized that Ye Xiu's Battle Mage was about to step into the Dragon Swordsman's aggro range.</p>
    <p>"Did he get careless?" The pro players of each guild were delighted. Ye Xiu had panicked and made a mistake. With him pulling the boss into this battle, the others didn't even need to discuss with each other. They would definitely all cooperate to kick Happy out of the competition first.</p>
    <p>He's in! He really charged in!</p>
    <p>The Dragon Swordsman moved. When sensing someone approaching, he would attack immediately. It seemed like Ye Xiu had only just realized this, hastily swerving in a different direction.</p>
    <p>He's too late.</p>
    <p>As many thought this gleefully, the Dragon Swordsman had started attacking. Then, everyone saw him jump up high with an impressive Collapsing Mountain directed right at Guild Thunderclap. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"What the fuck!?" Guild Thunderclap panicked, but Xiao Shiqin had realized something was wrong ever since Ye Xiu swerved towards a different direction. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>F*ck, this was a misdirection!</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin felt like crying. Since they were all impatient to kill off Ye Xiu, some of Thunderclap's attacks had hit the Dragon Swordsman when Ye Xiu's Battle Mage had swerved. Even though Ye Xiu's Battle Mage had gotten into the boss's aggro range first, that aggro was nothing compared to the aggro pulled by directly attacking the boss.</p>
    <p>As the Dragon Swordsman crashed his way into their formation, the other guilds immediately took the chance to add to their misfortune.</p>
    <p>Explaining would do nothing, Xiao Shiqin knew this. Xiao Shiqin wouldn't believe that such an obvious misdirection could be missed by the experts presiding over each guild today. However, these guys would all go with the flow at a time like this. They'd pretend to not understand the reality of the situation and instead cooperate with the boss to send Thunderclap out of the competition as was convenient. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin felt dejected. Why did Ye Xiu misdirect the boss to Thunderclap and not the other guilds? Why didn't I think of misdirecting the boss before Ye Xiu did?</p>
    <p>"Prepare to retreat…" Thunderclap wouldn't be able to endure the combined assault of the boss and the other guilds' harassment, so Xiao Shiqin resolutely gave the order to retreat. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>With this chaos, another guild immediately tried to cut in and take over the situation.</p>
    <p>"Ghost Boundaries, set!!"</p>
    <p>Void would never lack Ghostblades and under the command of the Number One Phantom Demon, Li Xuan, all the Ghostblades charged forth. It didn't matter if they were Sword Demons or Phantom Ghosts, all of them summoned their Ghost Boundaries.</p>
    <p>In an instant, phantasmic power spread across the field. Void's Ghostblades must have undergone special training for this. Currently, the Ghost Boundaries covered the field and very few overlapped. A huge area had been locked down all at once. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Because of a team's core classes, the guilds would usually have a majority of players playing specific classes. The surplus of a single class was a pain in dungeons, but in PvP, they could also easily find ways to execute unique team attacks using their advantage in numbers of a certain class. For example, the current Void Walk had covered such a large area with Ghost Boundaries. None of the elites in the other guilds could achieve this; they didn't have so many Ghostblades! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Although they might not have Ghostblades, they had other classes!</p>
    <p>That was when the Witches of Tiny Herb came forth, launching attacks as one. Lava Flasks were thrown everywhere and Magic Rays crisscrossed in a wide net.</p>
    <p>"Blade Masters, charge!!!" Blue Brook wouldn't be left in the dust either. With a single command, their most abundant class, the Blade Masters, charged into the fray courageously as a single group, using Triple Slash to dart right in with extreme speed. Their Warlocks, only slightly fewer than their Blade Masters, directly opened up a circle of Death's Doors.</p>
    <p>"Hmph, we've been expecting this." Blossom Valley's people entered the battle fearlessly as well. Not only were their Spitfires numerous, but they all liked to imitate their ex-captain, Zhang Jiale's Hundred Blossom Style. They might not be as skilled, but the combined chaos of so many people sending out skills created some impressive lighting.</p>
    <p>"How chaotic…" Ye Xiu commented from the sidelines. When he had charged up to misdirect the boss, he had given Happy an order. In that instant, not only did Happy abstain from attacking Thunderclap, they retreated even faster than Thunderclap. Thus, as the other four guilds went with the flow and clashed in an intense battle, Happy had pulled out and became spectators.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked over the raging battle before glancing at Happy's formation. A new guild like them didn't have such obvious class differences. Though Ye Xiu's unspecialized was a very tempting choice, it was extremely hard to train up an unspecialized in these times. No normal game expert could complete the Heavenly Domain Challenge at level 50. Now, the level limit had gone up by another five levels, so the Heavenly Domain Challenge had become even harder, but unspecialized characters would still have to complete it at level 50. The possibility of being able to train up an unspecialized had dropped again.</p>
    <p>The other guilds noticed that Happy had quietly retread, waiting to benefit from the aftermath. They could only grit their teeth though. They couldn't do anything. They had already sent arrows flying, so there was no turning back. It wouldn't be feasible to even try and get everyone to turn their fire on Happy now. After all, they fighting were in groups of hundreds of people, it wasn't so easy to pull back and stop. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Save your strength!" All four guilds had the same thought. With that, defense became the main focus of the battle and the pace of the battle slowed immensely. Seeing this, they realized that this wasn't too bad. If they slowly came to a stop, it wouldn't be impossible to turn their fire on Happy. Should they make a pact? Right now, the different guilds had clashed, they wanted to cooperate with each other, but they were also terrified that someone would only pretend to cooperate and take the chance to strike. This was quite the conflict. Guild wars were even more complicated than pro battles sometimes; at the very least, this sort of chaotic all-out brawl wouldn't happen in a pro match. In a pro match, it was clear who were enemies and who were allies, unlike guild wars where an ally might turn their back on you in the next moment.</p>
    <p>These guilds were still debating their next arrangements when a flash of sword energy flew out, parting the crowd. The Dragon Swordsman then charged out of the encirclement.</p>
    <p>Everyone was shocked. The Dragon Swordsman wasn't programmed to run away. Could it be… that someone stole the aggro?</p>
    <p>Everyone turned to look and saw that, in the direction the Dragon Swordsman was heading, there was a Launcher, cannon shouldered, directing blast after blast at the Dragon Swordsman. It was only until the Dragon Swordsman was almost on top of them that they began to retreat. However, no player's movement speed was good enough to kite a boss, or else they'd be far too easy to kill. A few steps away from the Launcher, the Dragon Swordsman raised his sword and flung out a Spellblade's Ice Wave Sword towards the Launcher. The speed of the skill was enough to get any Spellblade player drooling.</p>
    <p>But this Launcher reacted extremely fast. With a jump, twist and blast from the cannon, the character rapidly switched directions, dodging the Ice Wave Sword.</p>
    <p>Launcher...</p>
    <p>The Number One Launcher of the Alliance had already gone to Happy. Apart from a player at Su Mucheng's skill level, how many people could manage to accurately cause enough damage to steal a boss' aggro under such chaos?</p>
    <p>But if you do this, aren't you just pulling even more aggro for Happy?</p>
    <p>Thunderclap had only hit the Dragon Swordsman because of Ye Xiu's misdirection, but hadn't managed to pull much aggro. Just Void's Ghost Boundary net was enough to grab the aggro. Even so, at a time like this, no one was willing to take the boss' aggro. They had to control the situation first. They would only start trying to deal the most damage when the situation was stable. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The boss' aggro was like a ticking time bomb. No one wanted it. So after Void grabbed the aggro, they quickly misdirected it towards Tiny Herb, who had launched a fierce offensive. Tiny Herb was rather generous, shoving the aggro at Blue Rain. Blue Rain was even worse, dodging it entirely and misdirecting it at Hundred Blossoms. Seeing that this wasn't very good, Hundred Blossoms threw it back to Void.</p>
    <p>Going back and forth like this, trying to cheat one another, was because no one wanted to establish a solid hold on the aggro then. That was why Su Mucheng managed to pull the boss away so easily. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>However, her purposeful stealing of the aggro was very different from the misdirections that had occurred between everyone before. With the boss getting pulled away, it was enough for the guilds to come to a ceasefire and charge over with no need of further prompting. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The Dragon Swordsman still wanted to chase after Su Mucheng's Launcher, and naturally, Happy's members would come and help prevent the boss from doing this. The other guilds quickly arrived, ready to send their own attacks. But that was when they saw the positioning of Happy's members. The pro players present were stunned.</p>
    <p>This positioning was like a super misdirection formation. If the guilds launched their attack, the Dragon Swordsman would probably immediately turn his attention back to them. Happy had used the fact that none of the guilds wanted the aggro to turn the Dragon Swordsman into a shield for them to use.</p>
    <p>However, could this really work? The guilds also had experts here. If they couldn't even deal with this, then they wouldn't be called experts. Immediately, the guilds had their members stop before rapidly rearranging their formation. But that was when Happy's members scattered and the Dragon Swordsman began to charge over like an uncaged tiger.</p>
    <p>"What the hell? No one attacked it, did they?" Everyone was shocked. Then, someone noticed what had happened and wanted to cry. When had Su Mucheng gotten behind them? Happy had been using the Dragon Swordsman as a shield and now they were using the other guilds as a shield.</p>
    <p>There were many pro players here, but after being played so many times, they had to admit that Ye Xiu's knowledge and decision-making when commanding in these sorts of situations had gone far beyond them due to his full year of experience in the online game.</p>
  </body>
</html>
