<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1499 - A Ruined Map</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1499 - A Ruined Map</h1>
    <p>Group arena, final round.</p>
    <p>Although Han Wenqing was able to cleanly take down Qiao Yifan last round, it wasn’t possible for his Desert Dust not to have taken any damage under those circumstances. His Desert Dust had 81% health left.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen’s Windward Formation was in high spirits, but with that small of a lead, how could anyone favor this old general? Let alone Tyranny or neutral fans, even the Happy fans felt uneasy. Some had trouble understanding Happy’s arrangements for the group arena. Happy had sent a Phantom Demon, who wasn’t suited for 1v1s, as their fourth player. Their fifth player was Wei Chen. Didn’t that mean Happy hadn’t planned on placing a fierce hero as the final checkpoint?</p>
    <p>Or could it be that their third player Fang Rui was supposed to be their great general? Had their intention be to end the group arena in a 3v5?</p>
    <p>But none of these possibilities were logical.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin and Li Yibo discussed this issue as the round officially began.</p>
    <p>How would Wei Chen face this deciding round? Everyone was curious about Wei Chen. Then, they saw Wei Chen act.</p>
    <p>His character hadn’t moved yet, but the trash talking had started.</p>
    <p>“I say, Little Han, how outrageous. How could you tear apart the map like this?” Wei Chen typed.</p>
    <p>Little Han…</p>
    <p>A cold chill could be felt in the air.</p>
    <p>In terms of careers, both of them had started in Season 1. Neither was more senior than the other in that sense. But in terms of age, Wei Chen’s words held true. The problem was Han Wenqing, Little Han… it didn’t feel right! Addressing him like that gave a sense of amiability and care. It didn’t fit this captain of Tyranny at all.</p>
    <p>How would Han Wenqing respond?</p>
    <p>Everyone’s attention shifted to the player chat.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing didn’t reply. It seemed like he didn’t want to bother with such uncouth trash talking. Desert Dust rushed forward.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen’s Windward Formation was on his way over too, but his movements seemed so sluggish. It was completely different from Desert Dust’s lofty advance.</p>
    <p>“Is there even a point in playing out this round?” Countless people felt that victory had already been decided just from the energy of the players.</p>
    <p>Soon, the players reached the manor.</p>
    <p>The inside had torn apart into ruins, but the outside looked pristine. The front door and rear door were still intact. Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust went through the rear door and marched through the broken ruins in front of him.</p>
    <p>Because of the destruction, he could see much more inside the manor compared to before. Even so, Han Wenqing didn’t find any traces of Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>“He didn’t take the middle road?” Han Wenqing thought about what his opponent might do. The home team advantage for this map came from an understanding of the manor’s layout. Now that the manor had been torn apart, the advantage had disappeared. Wei Chen abandoning this area wasn’t too surprising.</p>
    <p>After Desert Dust went in from the back, he moved across the first floor to the entrance at the front and surveyed the surroundings calmly.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny’s fans felt their hearts leap to their throats seeing his calmness.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation didn’t go elsewhere!</p>
    <p>He had come to the manor. It was just that he had circled around to the back and was standing beside a window like a withered up plant.</p>
    <p>The view on the first floor had opened up considerably, but it wasn’t as empty as a grass plains. The broken walls and collapsed ceilings were still significant obstructions.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation couldn’t see Desert Dust from his position.</p>
    <p>As a result, he switched positions and continued to peep like a pervert. Tyranny’s fans wanted to rush onto the stage and tell Han Wenqing that Wei Chen was sneaking around behind him!</p>
    <p>After moving to a different position, Wei Chen was finally able to see Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust, who was standing outside, checking his surroundings. Was he planning on leaving?</p>
    <p>Knock knock knock!</p>
    <p>Wei Chen had Windward Formation swing his staff, knocking on the window sill with all his might. Even if he was a Warlock, he could still swing his staff like a melee weapon!</p>
    <p>No one knew what material Death’s Hand was made of, but whatever it was, it made an unpleasant sound when it hit against the stone window sill.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen thought Han Wenqing wasn’t able to hear him, so he swung his staff again.</p>
    <p>“I’m here, I’m here!” He shouted in the chat.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust turned around and looked towards him.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was very satisfied: “You saw me, right?”</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing didn’t reply. However, Desert Dust was marching over.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation immediately shrunk back. Left? Right? The audience would know, but Han Wenqing wouldn’t. Windward Formation moved around and found another observation spot. He took a furtive glance into the manor.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing was moving fast. Desert Dust was almost about to reach that window. It looked like he was planning on breaking it apart to move past it.</p>
    <p>“He’s really got a gift for breaking things!” Wei Chen mumbled. Windward Formation raised his Death’s Hand. Dark energy began flickering. He had started casting a curse.</p>
    <p>He was planning on mounting a sneak attack, but anyone could predict that. How could an experienced player like Han Wenqing not be able to?</p>
    <p>Bang! The window broke. Windward Formation instinctively raised his Death’s Hand, but… no one jumped through it.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust smashed the window to pieces and then moved a few steps over to another window.</p>
    <p>Bang! Broken again, but still no one.</p>
    <p>“Being so clever. How boring. I won’t play with you,” Wei Chen typed. Windward Formation turned around and left.</p>
    <p>Bang! Bang!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing had become a dismantler today. Desert Dust smashed two more windows. On the fourth one, his character rushed out.</p>
    <p>Left! Right!</p>
    <p>He turned to look at those ends.</p>
    <p>No one…</p>
    <p>After Wei Chen had said those words, his Windward Formation really did leave. He had made such a big commotion, and after saying he gave up, he really did give up.</p>
    <p>As a result, Desert Dust seemed to break those two windows for no reason before charging out ferociously. It all looked somewhat comical.</p>
    <p>To think the word comical would one day be used to describe Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>“Are you tired of living!!” Tyranny’s loyal fans roared. They were not happy with how Wei Chen had played with their captain.</p>
    <p>As for Wei Chen? His Windward Formation was puffing and wheezing as he climbed up the side of the manor. As he climbed, he would look downwards from time to time to see if Desert Dust had made his way over. It made him look quite flustered.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Desert Dust quickly came!</p>
    <p>Not seeing anyone to the left or right, Han Wenqing didn’t hesitate. He chose a direction and started giving chase.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans had been worried that their captain would forget to look up. Reality proved that Han Wenqing wasn’t nearly as careless as they thought. The moment he turned around, he looked up and down.</p>
    <p>The flustered Windward Formation was immediately caught by him. Wei Chen, who was constantly looking downwards, noticed Desert Dust too.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation hastened his movements, making him appear even more flustered.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing saw that his opponent was in front of him, but he had no way of attacking him. No one had a shorter attack range than Strikers. Blade Masters, Berserkers, the other melee classes could use the reach of their sword to extend their range, but Strikers only had their arms and legs.</p>
    <p>Chase!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing was decisive. He looked at the side of the manor and quickly found a foothold. Desert Dust jumped, stepped, jumped, stepped, jumped…</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing hadn’t deliberately practiced climbing on this sort of terrain before, but with ten years of Glory experience, how could his ability to adapt be normal? The speed at which he climbed seemed quite a bit faster than the flustered Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>“Hehe,” Wei Chen suddenly laughed. Windward Formation didn’t keep jumping. He pointed his Death’s Hand down and started casting.</p>
    <p>Although Desert Dust was fast, there was still some distance between them. It wouldn’t be possible for him to rush over in time to interrupt the cast.</p>
    <p>But seeing Windward Formation casting a curse, the instant Desert Dust paused to jump off a foothold, he waved his hands.</p>
    <p>Qi Bullet!</p>
    <p>A low-level Qi Master skill flew out.</p>
    <p>Strikers didn’t have any long-ranged attacks. It was certainly a huge weak spot, so almost all Strikers would learn mid-ranged skills like Qi Bullet. Even though it wouldn’t deal much damage, the purpose was to interrupt casts. For example, if Windward Formation dodged the Qi Bullet, he would have to cancel his cast.</p>
    <p>But Windward Formation didn’t move.</p>
    <p>“Hehe.” Wei Chen laughed again.</p>
    <p>Pa.</p>
    <p>Qi bloomed around his body, but the curse from Death’s Hand was released simultaneously.</p>
    <p>Was it really simultaneous?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>Since he could cast the skill, it meant that the Qi Bullet had been a bit too late. It was a small detail that was hard to notice, but the system had no trouble making this decision.</p>
    <p>The curse had been cast!</p>
    <p>Wei Chen didn’t have time to dodge the attack though. Fortunately, it was just a Qi Bullet, so the damage wasn’t high. The knockback wasn’t anything noteworthy either. Windward Formation seemed to be unfazed.</p>
    <p>His skill was able to come out in the end.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Rain!</p>
    <p>Using this skill in this situation was truly too disgusting. Desert Dust, who was climbing up the manor, had no place to maneuver around.</p>
    <p>He couldn’t escape, but he could still dodge it.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing saw a place with cover. He temporarily gave up on chasing and had Desert Dust jump towards there.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Rain fell, but Desert Dust was able to find cover in time and avoid the attack.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!” Wei Chen praised his opponent. Windward Formation didn’t keep jumping up, instead dropping down.</p>
    <p>After dropping down, Desert Dust was now in his line of sight.</p>
    <p>A dark energy began swirling around his Death’s Hand again.</p>
    <p>Grasping Ghosts!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust had nowhere to run. If he jumped out, he would be caught in Chaotic Rain, which would probably be even more disastrous for him.</p>
    <p>The fierce tiger… was trapped. Caught between a rock and a hard place, the curse flew out and struck.</p>
  </body>
</html>
