<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 77 – Directly Flying Over</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 77 – Directly Flying Over</h1>
    <p>Blue Brook Guild’s players were chasing from behind. And ahead, Herb Garden’s players suddenly popped out. Tyrannical Ambition sunk into a dilemma where they were pressed from the front and rear.</p>
    <p>“Elementalist!” Ye Xiu yelled.</p>
    <p>The Elementalist immediately cast a Flame Explosion and the BOSS once again OTed. The Goblin Merchant headed towards the Elementalist located in the right side of the forest.</p>
    <p>“It really is on purpose!!” Blue River and the others were certain now.</p>
    <p>“Are they going to run to the east?” Bound Boat decided.</p>
    <p>“Go east.” Blue River led his party to the east and was ready to rush over when the time was right.</p>
    <p>“If you meet Tyrannical Ambition’s players, don’t be polite!” Blue River commanded.</p>
    <p>“We definitely won’t.” Everyone declared.</p>
    <p>While they ran to the east, everyone payed attention to behind the trees. They all hoped to pick off a Tyrannical Ambition player to warm up. In the end, the only things they were able to pick off were small Goblins. They didn’t find a single Tyrannical Ambition player. The Tyrannical Ambitions they occasionally saw were all even farther away than the Goblin Merchant.</p>
    <p>The Herb Garden Players in front of them didn’t want to fall behind either, so when the Blue Brook Guild changed direction, they also raced against Blue Brook Guild and rushed to the east.</p>
    <p>When the two guilds changed directions, Bound Boat was immediately startled: “They’re not trying to misdirect us, right?”</p>
    <p>Blue River also felt something wasn’t right: “Bring a few players and go around to the west!”</p>
    <p>Bound Boat immediately chose a few players. The Blue Brook Guild force split into two. One went to the east to intercept, while the other went to the west to prepare for an interception.</p>
    <p>Herb Garden immediately responded in the same way and sent a part of their forces to the west. Those who didn’t understand the situation would have thought that these two groups were together. In reality, they weren’t together at all. Both groups would be delighted if the other group made a mistake.</p>
    <p>The Goblin Merchant that was running at the Elementalist was suddenly hit by a Repel from behind a tree. It slipped backwards a length and then a gun sound rang out. The Goblin Merchant once again turned around in hesitation.</p>
    <p>As expected, it really was a misdirection. The Blue Brook Guild and Herb Garden players that saw this scene all began pondering over it in their hearts. Moreover, the Goblin was rushing over to where Lord Grim was.</p>
    <p>D*mn!</p>
    <p>Who would have thought that the one to OT and take the aggro was Lord Grim. And this guy ran to the north. Although Herb Garden had split its forces to the east and west, there was still time to merge again and block the enemy’s path. If they kept on running, then wouldn’t they be running into a metal wall?</p>
    <p>“What type of trick is he planning to pull?” Players who loved to analyze were all pondering over Lord Grim’s thinking.</p>
    <p>“He’ll definitely change routes, right?” Some players thought.</p>
    <p>Herb Garden pondered over this even more seriously. After all, they were there to block his path. East or west or the original direction, where were they supposed to wait?</p>
    <p>In the end, Plantago Seed helplessly split his forces into three. He had no choice but to defend every side. No choice: if the other side wanted to OT, then they would OT. Whatever route they wanted the Goblin Merchant to follow, the Goblin Merchant would follow. They could only defend on all three sides.</p>
    <p>Which side would he go to?</p>
    <p>Everyone carried this type of question, fixed their attention on the Goblin’s move path. In the end, they didn’t see any change. They saw Lord Grim lead the Goblin Merchant directly towards Herb Garden’s interception.</p>
    <p>Herb Garden also had a dozen or so players here. They immediately formed an arc to surround him. Long-ranged Gunner class players had already c*cked their guns and fired. Mages began casting their magic.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim suddenly leaped. The Gunners immediately adjusted their aim. But in the end, they saw Lord Grim spin 180 degrees in the air, his butt pointed at them.</p>
    <p>The butt is the butt! The gunners didn’t really care and their cursors quickly aimed at his butt.</p>
    <p>A gun sound.</p>
    <p>Admiration arose in the Gunners’ hearts. Who aimed so quickly? What an amazing speed!</p>
    <p>Then, they saw Lord Grim slide across the horizon.</p>
    <p>“D*mn, it’s his Aerial Fire!!!!” All of the Gunners cried out in fear. In Aerial Fire, the higher the recoil, the faster the flying speed. Lord Grim’s gun had to be at least a Rifle grade. All of the Gunners raised their guns and open fired. But in the end, they only hit air. The target moved too quickly and they weren’t able to hit him.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s butt reached the top of their heads in a flash. Then, they saw Lord Grim turn his body.</p>
    <p>A cold light flashed and Lord Grim pulled out a sword in midair.</p>
    <p>“Falling Light Blade! Quickly retreat!” The Blade Masters all warned.</p>
    <p>Their judgement wasn’t wrong. A bright light slashed down from midair. It was precisely the Battle Master Skill Falling Light Blade.</p>
    <p>。</p>
    <p>These dozen Herb Garden players weren’t ordinary players. Every one of them jumped backwards. The bright light fell to the ground and a small light wave rippled out. But the dozen players had already jumped outside of the wave’s range.</p>
    <p>“Forward!” Someone roared. After the light wave scattered, in an instant, the dozen players rushed forward.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Thousand Chance Umbrella shook and the umbrella flipped, not maintaining the Battle Lance form. A third of the umbrella ribs suddenly broke off. The remaining two thirds of the umbrella ribs bent into a sickle-like shape. And at the same time, the umbrella handle moved outwards as if he were pulling out a sword, but stopped two thirds of the way out. In the end, the umbrella handle extended a length.</p>
    <p>This transformation only took an instant. The players surrounding him only saw a blur and Lord Grim’s weapon had already changed into a different shape. They couldn’t really describe the weapon, but it looked like a……</p>
    <p>His arms swung and the Thousand Chance Umbrella drew out a 360 degree circle around him. When the starting point and ending point linked together, the circle suddenly flashed a blue light.</p>
    <p>“F*CK!! Rising Emblem!!” A player finally called out.</p>
    <p>This time, the players surrounding him retreated a little too late. The floating blue circle suddenly flashed and grew larger and a pale blue ring suddenly rose. The dozen players were all inside the ring. They weren’t able to dodge in time and were thrown up into the air.</p>
    <p>The Priest Class Exorcist Skill: Rising Emblem</p>
    <p>The skill did magic damage and knocked up all players inside the Rising Emblem.</p>
    <p>By the time the dozen players fell back to the ground, Lord Grim had already broken through their blockade. A few players tried hard to attack Lord Grim in midair. But while knocked up, the target was constantly moving and difficult to target accurately; it wasn’t an easy task. Not everyone could do this well. In the end, everyone’s attacks were futile efforts and weren’t threatening at all.</p>
    <p>However, almost all of the players were able to Quick Recover after falling down, showing the quality of Herb Garden’s players.</p>
    <p>But when they were still rolling and getting up, they all saw a grenade within their circle.</p>
    <p>A boom and the dozen players swayed side to side from the explosion. Within the surging smoke, the Goblin Merchant carried its backpack and freely and easily passed through them.</p>
    <p>Everyone’s cheeks streamed with tears. The Goblin Merchant’s aggro wasn’t on their characters. That explosion obviously wasn’t meant for them. Clearly, Lord Grim had intentionally drawn the Goblin Merchant to throw it at them. Why did the Goblin Merchant help Lord Grim? Why couldn’t you have thrown a Brick at them? Did you have to throw an AoE Grenade?</p>
  </body>
</html>
