<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1628 - Interweaving Battle</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1628 - Interweaving Battle</h1>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain fired at the garbage heap, but her goal wasn’t as simple as just splashing scraps into the air. When Cloud Piercer twisted his body to dodge the artillery shell, the explosion left a huge hole in the trash pile. The scraps of trash launched into the air rained down.</p>
    <p>Amidst the rain of trash and the reflection from the flames, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim rushed out.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang bang…</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai hadn’t given up on attacking Lord Grim. Even while dodging the artillery fire, Cloud Piercer’s dual guns were aimed steadily towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>The fire and light from the explosions, the raining trash, and the flying bullets constructed a chaotic scene, and Lord Grim pushed his way through it, one step, two steps…</p>
    <p>Lord Grim moved swiftly, growing closer and closer to Cloud Piercer. Although Zhou Zekai’s Cloud Piercer was moving away to keep their distance apart, he wasn’t able to do it perfectly under Su Mucheng’s barrage of artillery shells, especially since he was against Ye Xiu as well.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, he wasn’t alone.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves would need a bit of time to climb out from the garbage heap, but Sun Xiang’s One Autumn Leaf had only taken a stumble from the Shining Cut. He quickly regained his balance. He originally wanted to continue chasing after An Wenyi’s Little COld Hands, but he heard the sound of cannonfire from behind him and turned to look. He saw explosions threatening Cloud Piercer and Lord Grim closing in.</p>
    <p>Help?</p>
    <p>This was Sun Xiang’s first thought, but One Autumn Leaf rushed out in a different direction instead, continuing his chase onto Little Cold Hands. When he broke into a run, he also swung his spear towards Empty Waves, who had plunged head first into the garbage heap. Empty Waves wouldn’t be affected by the attack, but the spear knocked away much of the trash burying Empty Waves, helping him out quite a bit. Sun Xiang left the responsibility of helping Zhou Zekai to Jiang Botao, while he gave up on his attachment towards Ye Xiu. He made the more proactive choice: continue to pressure the enemy healer to suppress the entire team.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves freed himself from the trash. He looked around and instantly understood the situation. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was about to reach Cloud Piercer. Jiang Botao didn’t say anything and decisively swung his sword.</p>
    <p>Fire Wave Slash!</p>
    <p>Raging flames swept towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Fire Wave Slash was the strongest of the wave slashes. It was quite fast too. In the blink of an eye, it had arrived behind Lord Grim. At this moment, Lord Grim jumped forward. If he continued along his current path, he would undoubtedly be hit by the flames. His figure flickered…</p>
    <p>Boom, hit!</p>
    <p>The crowd erupted into applause. The Fire Wave Slash sent Lord Grim crashing into the garbage heap. Jiang Botao had gotten his revenge.</p>
    <p>But Jiang Botao felt uneasy.</p>
    <p>It hit? It actually hit?</p>
    <p>Yes, he was very surprised. The timing had been good, using it just when Lord Grim was jumping, making it harder for him to respond. However, he really hadn’t expected the attack to connect. His goal had been to stop Lord Grim from continuing forward. Who would have thought it would actually hit? It shouldn’t have against someone like Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu must have let it hit him. Jiang Botao was certain.</p>
    <p>Sure enough!</p>
    <p>When the flames from the Fire Wave Slash receded, all that remained was a burnt mark on the garbage heap. Lord Grim had vanished.</p>
    <p>Where did he go?</p>
    <p>Underground Tunneling Technique!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim suddenly popped out from the top of the garbage heap. However, Cloud Piercer had just passed by him!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t have Lord Grim dodge the Fire Wave Slash. He used the momentum to make his way into the trash pile so that he could Underground Tunneling Technique.</p>
    <p>But Zhou Zekai’s intuition was outstanding. Once Lord Grim lay himself against the garbage heap, he wasn’t able to see him anymore. At that moment, he immediately gave up on keeping his position at the top of the garbage heap and had Cloud Piercer jump down.</p>
    <p>Missed!</p>
    <p>The Underground Tunneling Technique wouldn’t be able to touch Cloud Piercer. Was Lord Grim just going to let this opportunity go by thouogh?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu reacted quickly. He could only see the corner of Cloud Piercer’s jacket when he tunneled out, but it was enough for him to make his decision. He cancelled Underground Tunneling Technique. While in the air, Lord Grim twisted his body. A cold light swung out, Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>His two hands pressed down on the sword, chasing after Cloud Piercer. The Falling Light Blade let Lord Grim fall much faster than Cloud Piercer.</p>
    <p>Gunshot.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had acted immediately when he saw the jacket on Cloud Piercer. On the other hand, when Zhou Zekai heard a sound from behind him, he immediately realized that Lord Grim had appeared behind him. It would be too late for Cloud Piercer to turn around and aim, so he placed his two guns on his shoulders and shot behind him.</p>
    <p>Bullets flew out!</p>
    <p>Sword light swept down!</p>
    <p>It was difficult to tell which one was faster, but in an instant, the two characters were tangled together. Cloud Piercer’s bullet shot into Lord Grim’s skull at point blank range. Lord Grim’s sword pierced through Cloud Piercer’s back, the sword tip sticking out from his chest…</p>
    <p>Who won, who lost in this sort of entanglement? Even the spectating pro players couldn’t immediately make the call. Lord Grim and Cloud Piercer crashed towards the ground together. Both characters seemed to have lost their balance.</p>
    <p>Then, an explosion, a magic wave!</p>
    <p>Their reliable partners had come to their support at practically the same time.</p>
    <p>The explosion swept away Cloud Piercer, while the magic wave swept away Lord Grim. The two of them separated, but their fight was far from over. Both of them had lost their balance, but everyone could see that they were both fighting to regain it. Bullets shot out from Cloud Piercer’s guns. Lord Grim raised his hands, and the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was thrown into the air. Shooting stars rained down, Exorcist skill, Starfall!</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer was hit by Starfall and smashed into the trash. Lord Grim was also repeatedly hit by the bullets and fell into the trash as well. Neither of them could dodge. They could only do their best to attack the enemy. In the end, the two were separated, and if they kept this distance away from each other, wouldn’t Zhou Zekai’s Sharpshooter have the upper hand?</p>
    <p>A Satellite Beam descended from the sky, straight down onto Cloud Piercer.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai and Ye Xiu were evenly matched, but their two supports became the dividing line. When the two were unable to keep up their attacks, Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain decisively fired a Satellite Beam, dealing a heavy blow to Cloud Piercer. As for Jiang Botao? He could only cry. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to. His class didn’t have that sort of attack. Lord Grim and Cloud Piercer had fallen into the trash pile. Su Mucheng’s Launcher had a way to attack from the skies, but his Spellblade? Waltzing Wave Slash?</p>
    <p>He could only send out a Waltzing Wave Slash.</p>
    <p>The Divine Chains in Empty Waves’ hands leapt into the air, forming a rainbow that dropped down onto Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao had executed it beautifully. The rainbow Waltzing Wave Slash was also pleasing to the eye, but how could a Waltzing Wave Slash compare to a Launcher’s most powerful skill, Satellite Beam? No matter how beautiful the Waltzing Wave Formation looked, its damage couldn’t compare to Satellite Beam’s. It was just better than nothing.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was hit by the attack and was then immediately able to stand up. As for Cloud Piercer? The Satellite Beam was still in place, pressing down on Cloud Piercer. The trash surrounding him was thrown into the air. The Satellite Beam had blasted the trash pile apart.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao could only watch as Dancing Rain attacked from afar. He had no way to stop her or interrupt her. All he could do was prevent Ye Xiu from adding oil to the fire.</p>
    <p>Light Wave Slash!</p>
    <p>The wave slash went straight for Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>But Ye Xiu had clearly expected that Jiang Botao would attack him. After Lord Grim got up, he immediately used a movement skill to dodge the Light Wave Slash. He jumped into the air, Aerial Gun, and then Rotor Wings. In the blink of an eye, he had reached the other end of the trash pile into Dancing Rain’s Satellite Beam and down the hole…</p>
    <p>The Satellite Beam had blasted a hole in the garbage heap, and Cloud Piercer was at the bottom of it. Surrounding him was trash, and above him was a giant beam of light. He was completely immobilized. Zhou Zekai tried hard to get himself some space, but before the Satellite Beam ended, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim dropped down into the hole.</p>
    <p>Papapa, Lord Grim stepped on him with Eagle Stamp. How could Zhou Zekai dodge it? He could only have Cloud Piercer trade blow for blow with Lord Grim. However, Ye Xiu had Lord Grim activate Reinforced Iron Bones. The bullets connected, but couldn’t move him. After the Eagle Stamp, he elbowed Cloud Piercer in the forehead. And then, while the two were practically touching each other, he used all sorts of close combat techniques.</p>
    <p>The Satellite Beam had ended, but Cloud Piercer was in an even more precarious situation than before. The trash surrounding him seemed to be Ye Xiu’s helpers, burying his guns. Knee Strike! It hit, but Lord Grim was still in front of him. The Sharpshooter martial art skills didn’t have strong knockback. There was no way for him to clear a way out by himself.</p>
    <p>Light!</p>
    <p>The surrounding trash suddenly lit up.</p>
    <p>Nebula Wave Slash!</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao used the Spellblade’s Level 75 skill, destroying the trash from the outside. He was planning on fishing Cloud Piercer out. The light from the Nebula Wave Slash continued to penetrate the trash, but before the last push, flames swept towards him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
