<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1379 - No Other Choice</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1379 - No Other Choice</h1>
    <p>A chilling light flashed out!</p>
    <p>The Shining Cut of the Number One Assassin, Scene Killer, was clearly much fiercer, much swifter than one executed by an unspecialized like Lord Grim. In addition, Scene Killer was wielding dual swords. Though the attack speed couldn’t compare to a dagger, its attack power and range was much stronger. Different weapons also executed Shining Cut differently. For daggers, there would only be a single flash of chilling light. Scene Killer held dual swords, so the chilling flashes of light crossed into an x shape before slashing down to either side.</p>
    <p>Two streams of blood trailed after the cross of chilling light, but at the same time, with three thunderous booms, explosions erupted between the two characters.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s reaction speed wasn’t slow. She had noticed movement from the corner of her eyes and knew that a character in the middle of Aerial Cannon couldn’t dodge, so she could only hurriedly turn her cannon around and blast back.</p>
    <p>Although Shining Cut had hit Dancing Rain, it couldn’t stop Anti-Tank Missiles from activating.</p>
    <p>The explosion threw Scene Killer to the side and the powerful recoil changed the pathing of Su Mucheng’s Aerial Cannon. Scene Killer had managed to close in with one skill, but he was soon left in the dust. Yang Cong wouldn’t let this chance escape and quickly readjusted his position and view. Just as Scene Killer landed, he lunged towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain blasted the other with her cannon. Although it was all normal attacks, she comboed them with backward jumps, allowing her to attack Scene Killer even as she pulled away.</p>
    <p>However, Yang Cong was prepared for this. After all, Su Mucheng was a skilled and experienced top player. It was hardly surprising that he wasn’t able to close in with just that. Yang Cong had left other tricks up his sleeve.</p>
    <p>Swift Movements!</p>
    <p>This skill didn’t have a short cooldown, so Yang Cong had saved it for this moment. It was clear that he had gotten to the point of thinking three steps ahead for every step he took for this match.</p>
    <p>Swift Movements and then sprinting, that was the fastest your movement speed could get in Glory. Scene Killer’s form was so fast, he was practically a blur. He dashed past Dancing Rain’s missiles, and those who couldn’t see as well almost missed his dodge.</p>
    <p>Heart-Piercing Stab!</p>
    <p>Scene Killer caught up to Dancing Rain in the blink of an eye. His dual sword swept out with two more flashes of chilling light.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Yang Cong really hadn’t expected that Su Mucheng would play the same trick twice. After that normal attack she had sent, she had time to attack again to try and hinder him, but she purposefully didn’t, letting her hand cannon droop like she was printing backwards. In reality, she was hiding the muzzle to secretly load a Cannonball.</p>
    <p>Scene Killer’s approach was swift, and with that, he didn’t have the time to notice such an insignificant detail. By the time his dual swords Dancing Shadows stabbed out, Dancing Rain’s hand cannon Devouring Sun was set against Scene Killer’s chest like a knife.</p>
    <p>A normal attack?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>For gunners, their normal attacks were gunshots, so wacking someone around the head was actually a skill. For example, a Launcher’s knock-up skill, Swing, swung their cannon and knocked their opponent into the air. However, that clearly wasn’t what Dancing Rain was doing. The muzzle seemed to retract into the barrel, causing the hand cannon to shorten. In that moment, Yang Cong knew that this was a charged Cannonball and by then it was far too late to dodge. Devouring Sun’s muzzle bounced back out and flung forth a cannonball, which then rather unrealistically exploded between them upon hitting its extremely close ranged target. The recoil and blast power of the charged Cannonball was stronger than all three Anti-Tank Missiles added together, throwing Scene Killer far back while allowing Dancing Rain to retreat even further.</p>
    <p>He had once again failed to stick close to Dancing Rain, but Yang Cong was relatively satisfied with the current situation. He had, at least, managed to stall Su Mucheng. If Happy couldn’t get the high ground, then their strategy…</p>
    <p>“We’ve met the enemy!”</p>
    <p>That was when a sudden messaged jumped out in the 301 Degrees chat. It came from Paladin player, Sun Mingjing.</p>
    <p>Yang Cong felt his heart jump. He had the gist of this map down in his head. If 301 Degrees had met the enemy before they even got to the Paulownia Tower, then there was only possibility: Their opponent’s goal was never the Paulownia Tower. Instead, they had predicted 301 Degrees’ actions and took a shortcut over to catch them off guard.</p>
    <p>So, if Happy never wanted to get the high ground, then that meant his stalling of Dancing Rain was meaningless.</p>
    <p>However, Dancing Rain still appeared here as if she wanted to take the high ground.</p>
    <p>This was…</p>
    <p>“How many!” Yang Cong hurriedly asked in the chat.</p>
    <p>“4” The reply was just a single number, with no coordinates or punctuation. Clearly, they were already in an intense battle.</p>
    <p>Luring the tiger from its mountain!</p>
    <p>The name of that stratagem filled Yang Cong’s mind.</p>
    <p>He had tried to block Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain in order to destroy Happy’s plan of taking the high ground.</p>
    <p>However, what was the point of Happy getting the high ground in the first place? Clearly, it was to better observe 301 Degrees’ movements as a whole and prevent them from successfully executing their favored Life-Risking Strike.</p>
    <p>Thus, now, Yang Cong had successfully blocked Dancing Rain, but at the same time, where was their favored strategy? Without his Assassin, how would they manage to use Life-Risking Strike to kill their opponent’s key character?</p>
    <p>Turning their trick against them!</p>
    <p>Glory Textbook, Master Tactician Ye Xiu’s most practiced playstyle. This wasn’t the first time third season debuter Yang Cong had seen it, or experienced it personally.</p>
    <p>But even now, no matter how on guard you were, you couldn’t defend against it.</p>
    <p>It was as if, from the very first day Ye Xiu joined the Alliance, he had skills better than everyone else’s, a more comprehensive understanding, deeper and more meticulous strategies. He was like a time traveller from the future, able to stand at the front of everyone else no matter what. He had created countless playstyles, designed countless strategies, proposed countless theories.</p>
    <p>Who could possibly be better at turning others’ strategies against them than this forerunner of Glory ?</p>
    <p>It was like he had an absolute grasp over everyone’s thoughts and schemes and would easily stay one step ahead, always in the lead. By the time you noticed and realized, when you looked back, everything seemed so simple. But in reality? You had no way of thinking so deeply before, and you couldn’t predict the convoluted path he had chosen to walk.</p>
    <p>301 Degrees had to cover for him to help him successfully execute Life-Risking Strike.</p>
    <p>So Happy had to break this Life-Risking Strike strategy.</p>
    <p>So Happy had to get the high ground.</p>
    <p>So 301 Degrees, in order to protect their strategy, couldn’t let Happy get the high ground.</p>
    <p>So 301 Degrees’ fastest character Scene Killer came here.</p>
    <p>And the one most suited to standing guard at the high ground, Dancing Rain, also arrived.</p>
    <p>Scene Killer had successfully blocked Dancing Rain, but at the same time, without Scene Killer, how was 301 Degrees supposed to get a Life-Risking Strike off?</p>
    <p>If 301 Degrees couldn’t use Life-Risking Strike, then was the high ground even important anymore?</p>
    <p>After this whole convoluted mess, it was 301 Degrees at a disadvantage.</p>
    <p>They couldn’t use the strategy they had gotten used to, the strategy they had managed to defeat all those teams with.</p>
    <p>Yet, Happy’s counter was built on such a simple idea.</p>
    <p>If the person who could use Life-Risking Strike was no longer there, then they naturally couldn’t use Life Risking Strike. This was so simple, a young child could easily figure it out, yet that was exactly where 301 Degrees had fallen into the trap; Yang Cong had charged right into it.</p>
    <p>Scene Killer wanted to turn and flee, but this time, the one stalling became Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>A melee class being chased down by a ranged class was a very painful process.</p>
    <p>This was because you could only run like hell, dodge, flee, until you escaped the opponent’s attack range. You had no way of counterattacking. If you wanted to counterattack, then you had to close in, and closing in and fleeing were clearly opposites.</p>
    <p>All these years, Yang Cong’s Assassin maintained the image of a heroic warrior that charged at the frontlines. This year, he had switched to kamikaze warrior. The art of escape really wasn’t Yang Cong’s forte. No matter what style he chose, he relied on passion. Dirty play, something that Nightwalkers usually relied on, wasn’t something that he really used.</p>
    <p>Gunfire pursued Scene Killer, hindering Yang Cong’s escape.</p>
    <p>He had already given up on throwing Dancing Rain off. He just ran and ran, hoping to regroup with his team as soon as possible and execute their favored strategy.</p>
    <p>Under the relentless attacks, Scene Killer’s movement speed plummeted. Eventually, the battle appeared in his view. His brothers at 301 Degrees and Happy, their opponents.</p>
    <p>Almost there!</p>
    <p>Comfort filled Yang Cong’s heart, but soon enough, seeing the large swaths of shadows in his view, he wasn’t able to keep up his smile.</p>
    <p>Yang Cong raised his view, looking up behind him.</p>
    <p>This was the shadow of Paulownia Tower, lying on the ground. Not long in front of it was the battlefield.</p>
    <p>He could have Scene Killer dash over and regroup with his teammates, but then? Then he knew that Su Mucheng, who had been pursuing him all this time, would let him go, because then she’d have Dancing Rain ascend the Paulownia Tower, and observe 301 Degrees’ tactical system from up high.</p>
    <p>He had ran like hell all the way back, yet he was faced with such an awkward situation. Had their opponents planned to this point, too?</p>
    <p>So, from the start, ever since he had the idea to block Su Mucheng, he only had one option.</p>
    <p>Get rid of Su Mucheng!</p>
    <p>Only then, could they resolve the dilemma they were in, allowing him to regroup with his teammates and execute their favored strategy.</p>
    <p>Apart from that, there was no other choice.</p>
    <p> Yang Cong had settled on this, yet Scene Killer still ran towards the battlefield, as if he hadn’t realized their plot.</p>
    <p>As expected, Su Mucheng soon let him go and went into the Paulownia Tower.</p>
    <p>Yang Cong purposefully slowed down, calculating the speed at which Dancing Rain could climb the tower before resolutely turning back and charging over!</p>
    <p>He wanted to trap Dancing Rain inside the tower. Otherwise, if he just turned around and pursued his target directly, who knows where Dancing Rain would kite him to.</p>
    <p>Yet, just as Scene Killer was about to arrive at the bottom of the Paulownia Tower, Yang Cong suddenly paused. He realized that he had made a mistake that he really shouldn’t have.</p>
    <p>If he caught up, then could he manage to trap Dancing Rain inside the tower? Once she got to the top, she could just jump down.</p>
    <p>He had really been led in circles!</p>
  </body>
</html>
