<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1598 - Still One Eye</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1598 - Still One Eye</h1>
    <p>The commentators analyzed Empty Waves’ movements from different angles. Once Ye Xiu had left the stage, Pan Lin and Li Yibo felt a huge weight off their chests. Their discussions became more colorful and vivid. As the distance between the two players grew nearer, the small screen showing Su Mucheng’s perspective grew larger.</p>
    <p>Where was Empty Waves moving to? The viewers knew, but would Su Mucheng be able to tell?</p>
    <p>What was the secret behind Jiang Botao’s movements?</p>
    <p>Everyone was trying to figure it out! Empty Waves rushed out from a stalagmite and appeared in Su Mucheng’s view.</p>
    <p>Secret?</p>
    <p>The discussion between Pan Lin and Li Yibo stopped. The two had been chatting, thinking up all sorts of possibilities. The one possibility that they hadn’t talked about was that there was no ulterior motive behind Jiang Botao’s movements…</p>
    <p>How could they say that!</p>
    <p>The two had the same thought. If they said north, when it was actually south, how could they show their faces? Ye Xiu was an exception. Facing Ye Xiu, they would try not to make any predictions, but they couldn’t do that with everyone. There wouldn’t be any commentary then.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and talk!!”</p>
    <p>The two characters had encountered each other, but the commentary had suddenly stopped. The director wasn’t happy at all and yelled at them.</p>
    <p>Talk? Fuck off!</p>
    <p>Pan Lin cursed inwardly, but he had to talk.</p>
    <p>“What a surprise… Jiang Botao… just let Empty Waves appear in Su Mucheng’s view…” Pan Lin said powerlessly.</p>
    <p>The ones most surprised were him and Li Yibo. All of their previous analysis had been wrong.</p>
    <p>“What is he thinking?” Even Li Yibo didn’t pretend like he knew and simply stated the truth.</p>
    <p>“We can only wait and see,” Pan Lin remarked, and then the two went silent again.</p>
    <p>As soon as Empty Waves appeared, Dancing Rain aimed her cannon at him, but didn’t immediately fire at him.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain had the range to attack him. However, the farther away the target, the more time there was for the target to dodge. It was hard to guarantee that she would hit him. Su Mucheng didn’t feel like her attacks would be much of a threat at this distance. She was better off just doing nothing.</p>
    <p>Empty Waves didn’t rush towards her either. He continued to circle around as if it was just another day in the park.</p>
    <p>He had already been exposed. What was the point of circling around?</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng turned, following his movements. Soon, everyone noticed a peculiarity. Whether it was closeby or far away, the dripstones were arranged neatly along a jagged line.</p>
    <p>Empty Waves took cover behind these dripstones. The logic behind this positioning was the same as when Ye Xiu evaded Zhou Zekai in the first fight of the group arena. Sure enough, Samsara had also discovered this method.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng immediately had Dancing Rain rush out, changing her angle to find Empty Waves.</p>
    <p>None!</p>
    <p>Empty Waves was nowhere to be seen. Which stalagmite was he hiding behind? Su Mucheng wasn’t sure.</p>
    <p>The spectators could see his location clearly. When Empty Waves escaped from Su Mucheng’s line of sight, he immediately began to move inwards to get closer to Dancing Rain. He was aiming for three stalagmites, each one taller than the other. It would allow him to close in without being seen.</p>
    <p>If she moved just a bit more to the side, she would find him!!</p>
    <p>The Happy fans were praying anxiously. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain was just one step off…</p>
    <p>Step!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain finally took that awaited step, widening her vision. However, Empty Waves had already moved from the shortest stalagmite to the next shortest one and was now onto the tallest one. With this switch, Su Mucheng’s line of sight was blocked by a stalagmite.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao was predicting her movements and acting accordingly!</p>
    <p>Everyone could see this. Jiang Botao hadn’t taken advantage of the map too much in his previous two fights. As a result, everyone had overlooked the fact that Samsara had chosen this map. This time, he utilized the map to the fullest, efficiently closing the distance between Empty Waves and Dancing Rain. The distance between the tallest stalagmite and Dancing Rain was completely within the attack range of a Spellblade. Spellblades wouldn’t fear Launchers in a confrontation at this distance.</p>
    <p>He reached it!</p>
    <p>Thunderous applause followed. Jiang Botao reached his goal just as they had expected. As for Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain? It seemed like she was still carefully investigating Empty Waves’ whereabouts.</p>
    <p>He can attack!</p>
    <p>Everyone thought.</p>
    <p>Then, they saw Su Mucheng’s camera suddenly turn around. Dancing Rain stepped to the size and open fired!</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The first to attack was unexpectedly Dancing Rain. Three Anti-Tank Missiles fired. With a bang, a Stinger burst apart like fireworks in the air.</p>
    <p>Then, a roll!</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Three consecutive explosions. Empty Waves swung his sword, intercepting the three Anti-Tank Missiles with a Fire Wave Sword! This was the reason why Spellblades didn’t fear Launchers at this distance. Their wave swords had a higher priority than Launcher artillery shells. A collision between their magic and the Launcher’s artillery shells would result in an explosion, and their magic would still continue along its original trajectory!</p>
    <p>Hu!</p>
    <p>The Fire Wave Sword continued to sweep towards Dancing Rain, who rolled away to just barely dodge it.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>The Stinger split apart in the air. Eight missiles rained down. Spellblades could use their wave swords to intercept these missiles, but these missiles were spread out like an angel scattering flowers. It wasn’t possible to intercept them all with one swing. As a result, Empty Waves dodged to the side. Dancing Rain got up from her roll and then set-up a Mounted Gun.</p>
    <p>Light filled Jiang Botao’s screen. A Laser Beam shot towards him. The two were fighting at mid-range. The Laser Beam moved faster than anyone could react. Jiang Botao had expected there to be a follow-up to the Stinger and was planning on continuing to dodge, but the Mounted Gun had strengthened Laser Beam. Even though he predicted correctly, he wasn’t able to dodge it.</p>
    <p>“With so little health, why bother making it so complicated!”</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng typed out. The 11% health was instantly obliterated under her Launcher’s heavy firepower.</p>
    <p>The crowd was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao had circled around and avoided being seen by Su Mucheng. Empty Waves successfully got into range. Everything seemed to be going smoothly. But how did it become Su Mucheng making the first move? It had only been an instant, and Empty Waves was dead?</p>
    <p>The viewers couldn’t understand. Too many people couldn’t understand. Jiang Botao himself didn’t understand either.</p>
    <p>Had he exposed an opening?</p>
    <p>No…</p>
    <p>After casually walking out into view, Jiang Botao had seen Dancing Rain’s position. The route that he had chosen to follow afterwards would allow him to hide from Dancing Rain no matter what she did. Yet Su Mucheng had been the first to draw first blood, putting him on the backfoot. His movements had been completely seen through. How did she do it? Instinct? Or did she guess it?</p>
    <p>Happy hadn’t chosen this map, so how could they have such a strong understanding of the map?</p>
    <p>He truly didn’t understand why he had lost!</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao tried to struggle. But with only 11% health, it wasn’t enough. Being able to survive for so long was thanks to his class being a Spebllade. Plate armor offered high defense.</p>
    <p>He fell…</p>
    <p>Empty Waves died. His ghost floated up, and his screen turned gray. Jiang Botao stared blankly at the surrounding battlefield as his ghost floated higher and higher.</p>
    <p>Suddenly.. Jiang Botao saw something floating above that stalagmite. It seemed to be some sort of spinning round object…</p>
    <p>That’s… Electronic Eye…</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao was speechless. He hadn’t thought that Dancing Rain would bring along this skill.</p>
    <p>Electronic Eye was a Mechanic skill. The user could see whatever the eye saw. This was the skill that Su Mucheng had placed on her weapon. Everything was answered.</p>
    <p>He had carefully observed Dancing Rain, calculated a route, and made predictions. It turned out that a simple Electronic Eye had ruined all of his plans. Dancing Rain might not be able to see him, but the Electronic Eye could.</p>
    <p>The broadcast had finally found the reason as well. A replay was performed from the Electronic Eye’s perspective. It wasn’t as clear as a character’s point of view, but it was clear enough to see Empty Waves’ movements. Su Mucheng had grasped Jiang Botao’s intentions very early on, but she calmly went along with it. She waited until the final moment to get the first attack off before Jiang Botao, cleanly sweeping away the rest of his health.</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao walked down from the stage.</p>
    <p>The Samsara fans had been hoping that Jiang Botao would be able to deal a lot of damage to Su Mucheng like what Ye Xiu had done to him, but instead, Su Mucheng finished him off cleanly. It was rather disappointing, but when they thought of Jiang Botao’s brilliant performance in the previous fight, their moods instantly lifted. Both sides were now at their third player. Su Mucheng had won with 100% of her health intact. The match was completely even. However, the Samsara fans had complete confidence in their next players.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan!</p>
    <p>An All-Star, the number one Grappler in Glory, got up and walked towards the stage.</p>
    <p>Applause was sent towards Jiang Botao.</p>
    <p>Applause was also sent towards Lu Boyuan.</p>
    <p>We are the champions!</p>
    <p>Samsara’s fans roared.</p>
  </body>
</html>
