<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 191 – I’m In a Hurry</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 191 – I’m In a Hurry</h1>
    <p>“I’m in a hurry! Hurry up!!” Turning his head, Ye Xiu yelled towards his mic.</p>
    <p>Everyone was startled, even Su Mucheng didn’t understand what “Just one second” and then an “I’m in a hurry” right after meant. The cautious Qiao Yifan didn’t dare ask and pondered over what type of strategy “Just one second” and “I’m in a hurry” was.</p>
    <p>However, Tang Rou was able to realize what had happened after a short while. Steamed Bun Invasion, on the other hand, obviously didn’t understand. But he would ask what he didn’t know and immediately opened his mouth: “Senior, what do you mean?”</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and finish this. I have business to do.” Ye Xiu said. He moved his hands quickly and the in-game Lord Grim began fighting more fiercely. Lunging left, rushing right. He even pulled the afterimage that was supposed to be One Inch Ash’s. Qiao Yifan was greatly startled and found that he wasn’t able to keep up with Lord Grim’s tempo.</p>
    <p>But this didn’t make Qiao Yifan discouraged. He understood what was going on: God was going all out. There was still a gap between their skill levels, so he naturally couldn’t keep up. Perhaps the only person who could keep up with this tempo would be a top-tier Phantom Demon in the Alliance like Li Xuan.</p>
    <p>“Yifan, set up the boundary.” Ye Xiu shouted.</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan heard this and immediately cast a Sword Boundary.</p>
    <p>“Everyone, pull them over here to fight. Steamed Bun, Steamed Bun, pull it over here.” Ye Xiu yelled.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou seized the opportunity to use a Falling Flower Palm and blasted the Illusion Swordmaster over. Su Mucheng’s Launcher didn’t have any strong Blow Away effect, so she used an Aerial Fire to come into the Sword Boundary, obtaining the attack buff.</p>
    <p>Only Steamed Bun Invasion was left. His Brawler class didn’t have any convenient Blow Away skills, so he circled behind the Illusion Swordmaster and used a Knee Attack. However, the BOSS was quick. How could it be so easy to hit him? As a result, Steamed Bun Invasion leaped left and right sneakily.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry: “If you just ran over here, wouldn’t he follow you over?”</p>
    <p>“Right!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly understood.</p>
    <p>“It’s a bit of a mess, no?” After entering the Sword Boundary, Su Mucheng said to Ye Xiu. The five were all in the Sword Boundary facing against five nimble BOSSes. Guaranteeing that none of them would leave the Sword Boundary was a type of training only pro-teams could do. Their team was still far off from that!</p>
    <p>“Shadow Steps has ended.” Just as Ye Xiu’s voice fell, the five afterimages of the Illusion Swordmaster blurred again. Instead of four of them disappearing, four of the afterimages swiftly moved towards a single one.</p>
    <p>“That one, kill him!” Ye Xiu shouted. His Lord Grim rushed towards the merged Illusion Swordmaster. The instant Shadow Steps ended, the Illusion Swordmaster would show an extremely large opening. Besides taking a beating, he wouldn’t be able to do anything. However, this opening was only an instant, yet Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim as well as Tang Rou, Su Mucheng, and Qiao Yifan were able to seize the opportunity to burst him. Only Steamed Bun Invasion was still dashing towards the Sword Soul, but halfway there, he saw the Illusion Swordmaster behind him zoom past him.</p>
    <p>“Oh no!” Steamed Bun Invasion cried. Unfortunately, there was still some distance between himself and the final target, so all he could contribute was a Brick.</p>
    <p>“Retreat!” Ye Xiu yelled as Lord Grim moved back. After the Illusion Swordmaster merged into one, the red aura around him exploded out. The people surrounding him leaped back to avoid it. But under this Red Blood status, the Illusion Swordmaster was clearly faster than before. This time, Qiao Yifan was unexpectedly half a step slow and was hit by the red light and instantly shot out into somewhere farther away.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist had already stored a Laser Rifle. Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t need Ye Xiu to say anything and rushed forward to attack. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim rushed up as well. Just as he was about to attack, that annoying sound once again ran up from outside of his headphones.</p>
    <p>This customer is really annoying…… Ye Xiu sighed. In the end, he turned his head, but discovered that the call had come from a different seat……</p>
    <p>They’ve teamed up!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought as tears streamed down his cheeks. He controlled Lord Grim, while using his left hand to quickly answer the phone.</p>
    <p>“What would you like?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“What?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.</p>
    <p>“He’s not talking to you, Steamed Bun.” Tang Rou explained for Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Then who is he talking to?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked.</p>
    <p>“With Internet Cafe customers!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Internet Cafe?” Steamed Bun Invasion was still puzzled. Ye Xiu was also extremely gloomy. This time, the customer didn’t directly order and instead slowly asked what brand of cigarettes the Internet Cafe had.</p>
    <p>“Yellow Mountain, White Sand, Red Pagoda Mountain, Hibiscus, Nanjing, Red River, One Pen, Yellow Crane Tower, Five Leaves, which one?” Ye Xiu was very familiar with cigarettes! He quickly listed them out. In the end, the customer heard it and fell silent for a long time. He then killed Ye Xiu instantly with one word: “Ah?”</p>
    <p>“What do you usually smoke?” Ye Xiu asked helplessly.</p>
    <p>“Yellow Mountain.”</p>
    <p>“We have it!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What type?”</p>
    <p>“Red.”</p>
    <p>“How much money?”</p>
    <p>“22.”</p>
    <p>“So expensive.” The other side replied. Ye Xiu’s eyes began to tear up. In any case, there wasn’t any bargaining, so he directly asked: “Do you want it?”</p>
    <p>But the customer carefreely brought the question back to his original point: “What else do you have?”</p>
    <p>“We have everything. Which one do you want?” Ye Xiu asked. Ye Xiu reckoned that normal people couldn’t ask for anything too weird.</p>
    <p>“How much for White Sand?” The customer asked.</p>
    <p>“There’s a 6 RMB one, a 10 RMB one, a 13 RMB one.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Which type is the 10 RMB one?”</p>
    <p>“New Quality.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh…..” The other side seemed to be pondering over it.</p>
    <p>This time, Ye Xiu didn’t urge him and focused on the game.</p>
    <p>“Careful! He’s about to split!! Pull him back to fight together.” Ye Xiu had been talking with the customer the entire time and the entire team was listening, when he suddenly gave out this warning.</p>
    <p>The Illusion Swordmaster blurred and four other Illusion Swordmasters jumped out. But this time, they had planned on gathering together to fight, so the five characters didn’t scatter and directly faced them. The Sword Boundary buffed the team’s attributes and the Ice Boundary made the Illusion Swordmasters to slow down. On the other side, the customer calmly said: “If there’s so many White Sand types, then why’s there only one type for Yellow Mountain?”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu coughed blood: “The New Anhui and Chinese Wind are out.”</p>
    <p>“How much for the New Quality?”</p>
    <p>“They’re sold out!”</p>
    <p>“No problem, I’m just asking.” The customer said.</p>
    <p>“16……” Ye Xiu replied helplessly. The customer was the king.</p>
    <p>“That’s more expensive than outside!” The customer lamented.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t reply and continued to play the game. Right now, it was a 5v5. Sword lights, lance blurs, gunshots, the battle was intense.</p>
    <p>“Forget it. I don’t need them.” The greatest thing was that the customer had talked for so long, but didn’t buy anything.</p>
    <p>Just as he hung up, another sound came. Ye Xiu was about to go mad. The other side asked: “Cola!”</p>
    <p>“Just a moment! I’ll be there right away!!” Ye Xiu yelled.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn’t an immortal. It was difficult for him to take care of so many things. This time, the customer had made him move a half a beat slower. The Illusion Swordmaster’s Back Slash unexpectedly hit him and his character was launched into the sky.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu immediately adjusted his camera, but the Illusion Swordmaster had already taken out his sneaky left-handed blade to attack. A Gore Cross followed closely behind the Back Slash and sliced Lord Grim. With an open wound, his life dropped rapidly. The Illusion Swordmaster sheathed his sword and began the animation for Sword Draw.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu immediately moved. The Illusion Swordmaster’s Sword Draw slashed out a cold light, which split Lord Grim into two halves. However, it had hit Lord Grim’s Shadow Clone.</p>
    <p>The real body had already flashed to behind the Illusion Swordmaster. Just as he was about to attack, another cold light swooshed towards his body. Ye Xiu wasn’t able to block in time. The sword light sent him flying backwards.</p>
    <p>He turned his camera to look. The sword light had come from the Illusion Swordmaster Tang Rou was fighting against. The Sword Draw from that one had flashed towards Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“So unlucky……” Ye Xiu cursed. His camera was limited in midair, so he hadn’t seen it. The Illusion Swordmaster continued to chase him. Just as it seemed like he would be hit again, Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist suddenly sent an artillery shell in front of Lord Grim, blocking the attack.</p>
    <p>“Oh! You’ve got skill!”</p>
    <p>“And you need to say that?” Su Mucheng said.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim fell to the ground and used Quick Recover. The time won back from the block was enough for Ye Xiu to get back into tempo. With a quick move, he immediately sent the two Illusion Swordmasters, which were targeting Su Mucheng and him, flying.</p>
    <p>The battlefield returned back to normal. Everyone had seen Ye Xiu’s muddled performance. After a short moment of silence, Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly asked: “Senior you’re very busy. What do you do?”</p>
    <p>“Cafe manager…….” Ye Xiu let out a long sigh.</p>
    <p>“Oh, what a coincidence! I also work in an Internet Cafe.” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? You’re also a manager?” Ye Xiu said. It wouldn’t be surprising since Steamed Bun Invasion was able to play the game all-night. If he had a normal job, then playing all-night would be okay from time to time, but Steamed Bun Invasion was doing it everyday.</p>
    <p>“No, I’m a security guard.” Steamed Bun Invasion said calmly.</p>
    <p>The four others in the team began sweating. He was a Brawler in real life too…..</p>
    <p>“Pay attention! It’s about to merge!” Lord Grim didn’t have much life left, but his spirit hadn’t been affected by the interruptions.</p>
    <p>“Don’t be polite. Attack! Hurry! Hurry!” Ye Xiu yelled. If the customers continued to disturb himself, then he really might die.</p>
  </body>
</html>
