<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 604 – The Starting Six</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 604 – The Starting Six</h1>
    <p>Concealed Light was soon dragged into the QQ group. Ye Xiu and Chen Guo didn’t even get the chance to say anything , when Steamed Bun Invasion started lecturing him harshly: “Boy, you listen here. You being able to join such a high-end group is all thanks to my request to senior. You’d better cherish this opportunity and grasp your future. Don’t disgrace me, okay?”</p>
    <p>“F*ck off f*ck off f*ck off f*ck off!!!” Concealed Light quickly replied to Steamed Bun Invasion, showing major improvement in his hand speed. He hated how this was a messaging chat, allowing Steamed Bun Invasion to send his messages all at once. If this had been a voice chat, Concealed Light would have interrupted Steamed Bun Invasion several times over already.</p>
    <p>“Do you see where we are right now?! How can you have such bad manners!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly became angry.</p>
    <p>“Let’s not argue now.” Ye Xiu could only step out and mediate.</p>
    <p>“Did you hear what he said?! He said to stop arguing!” Steamed Bun Invasion quickly added.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Concealed Light clearly had a good understanding of Steamed Bun Invasion. Telling Steamed Bun Invasion not to argue was completely pointless, so they didn’t bother with this topic any longer. Concealed Light saw the name of the group and asked excitedly: “You’re going to create a team?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah. Are you interested?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I can join too?” Concealed Light felt very uneasy.</p>
    <p>“Of course not, but you can attempt if you want.”</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was about to sincerely reply with “I’ll definitely try my hardest.” But when he realized that the person who had sent the message was Steamed Bun Invasion, his reply immediately changed to “F*ck off.”</p>
    <p>“Uh, how have things been progressing?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“He’s had a slight bit of improvement.” Steamed Bun Invasion spoke for Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light: “......”</p>
    <p>“What’s your current level?”</p>
    <p>“Same as me.” Steamed Bun Invasion was still talking. </p>
    <p>Concealed Light: “......”</p>
    <p>“Our team will be registering for next season’s Challenger League and will try to earn the chance to advance into the pro scene.” Ye Xiu spoke seriously. He needed to make this point clear for all potential recruits.</p>
    <p>“That’s a must.” Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light: “......”</p>
    <p>“How about it? Have you ever thought about becoming a pro player?” Ye Xiu continued.</p>
    <p>“In my dreams.” Steamed Bun Invasion quickly replied.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was starting to become uncertain after being annoyed to such a point: “You’re talking to me, right?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah……” Ye Xiu had to call out names: “Steamed Bun, don’t interrupt for now!”</p>
    <p>“Sure!” Steamed Bun Invasion replied, “Concealed Light, if Senior asks something, you should answer for yourself. What’s there to be afraid of?”</p>
    <p>Concealed Light typed a giant block of emojis, which were all smashing their heads against a wall.</p>
    <p>“Good, let’s go back to what I previously said. Are you interested in becoming a pro player?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I can become one too?” Concealed Light was somewhat excited, but was also somewhat uneasy. Even though he a lot of game knowledge and theory, his practical ability was very low. Concealed Low wouldn’t even dare to call himself an expert.</p>
    <p>“If you’re determined, nothing is impossible. ‘Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then allow me to try!” Concealed Light expressed.</p>
    <p>“Then you’re going to have to work even harder!” Ye Xiu said. He had gotten to know Concealed Light’s skill level long ago and because he had a few special characteristics, he had observed Concealed Light further. In terms of mechanical skill, Concealed Light didn’t have any foundation like Steamed Bun Invasion or Tang Rou did. He pretty much needed to learn from scratch. However, from his guides, he could tell that Concealed Light was someone who worked hard and studied meticulously. This type of studious spirit was Ye Xiu’s reason for having confidence in him. He believed that even though Concealed Light would need more time to develop, as long as there was a direction and he persevered, he definitely had the potential to become a pro. As for how much he would be able to accomplish, that would depend on himself and luck.</p>
    <p>“Yes yes, I’ll definitely try hard!” Concealed Light agreed excitedly once he confirmed that Ye Xiu was speaking to him.</p>
    <p>‘Good luck!” Ye Xiu sent a “fighting” emoji.</p>
    <p>“Nooo! There’s no competition taking place right now! It’s making me impatient. I need to go back to the game and show my strength. I’ll be going!” Steamed Bun Invasion sent a roaring emoji and quickly returned to the game.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, so noisy……” Concealed Light finally obtained a peaceful and quiet environment.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha…..” Apart from a laugh, Ye Xiu really didn’t know what to say.</p>
    <p>“Is there anything else? If not, I’ll be going back to the game too.” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“Uh, how about leaving your contact info? It will be more convenient for us to contact you if we need something.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo’s QQ name was also Chasing Haze, so Concealed Light immediately recognized who she was. After Lord Grim had gone to the Heavenly Domain, a character called Chasing Haze often showed up to deal with matters in the tenth server’s Guild Happy. Even though she wasn’t the guild leader in name, she was essentially Happy’s guild leader. She had practically the same authority as one, so Concealed Light obviously knew who she was.</p>
    <p>‘Sure.” Concealed Light said, while giving her his phone number. He also asked: “Do you need my credentials or anything like that? For when we register?”</p>
    <p>The official organizer for the Pro Alliance would definitely need proof of identity. It seemed like Concealed Light was the type of person to forget stuff, so he wanted to get it done with as quickly as possible.</p>
    <p>“It’s still too early for us to register. It will have to be after the season ends, but you can give it to me now if you’d like. ‘Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Concealed LIght immediately sent his information over, such as his ID.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light, real name Luo Ji, 18 years old. He was a second year mathematics major at Famous University in City T. </p>
    <p>“Famous University! Wow! 18 years old and already a second year?” Chen Guo was amazed.</p>
    <p>“You flatter me.” Concealed Light replied modestly.</p>
    <p>“Math major…… are you a good student?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Hello? He’s a student at Famous University! Do you even know what that means?” Chen Guo said. She had dropped out of high school in order to manage the Internet Cafe. As for the person next to her, from her knowledge of his career, he had probably left his home to play videogames after graduating from middle school. Chen Guo felt like with their educational backgrounds, they should deeply respect a student from a place like Famous University.</p>
    <p>“Study well. It’s very useful.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What do you know?” Chen Guo said with disdain.</p>
    <p>“From a gaming perspective, math is a very very very important subject. If you study it well, it will certainly be helpful.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was speechless. This guy was telling him to study well from a gaming perspective? If his major hadn’t been a very very very important subject from a gaming perspective, he wouldn’t tell him to straight up switch majors would he…….</p>
    <p>“Yeah, I know.” Concealed Light said. As a math major, he knew how useful mathematics was.</p>
    <p>“I have some data here. You can try to study it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu private messaged Concealed Light and sent him some of the data.</p>
    <p>“These are from the normal server. Once you get to the Heavenly Domain, there’ll be a lot more.” Ye Xiu said. He gave Concealed Light the results of Wei Chen’s research on skill books. Now that he knew about Concealed Light’s identity, he felt like giving these to Concealed Light might produce new findings and advances. Wei Chen was from a rough background. After retiring for so many years, he probably wasn’t someone who could become successful just by studying by himself. His research was from experience, intuition, and experiments in order to reach a conclusion. Only someone as knowledgeable as Concealed Light would be able to deconstruct the difference factors involved in finding skill book drops.</p>
    <p>Even though he was only a second year university student, Ye Xiu firmly believed that his friend Wei Chen’s education had probably stopped at third year in middle school. Life experiences might be able to increase his knowledge, but an advanced skill like math wasn’t something that could be obtained in such a way.</p>
    <p>“Ah, this……” Concealed Light had played for a long time. How could he not know about the value of skill books? After flipping through a few pages of data, he felt greatly shocked.</p>
    <p>“It’s classified information!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Of course!” Concealed Light replied.</p>
    <p>“If you’ve got time, make sure you take a look!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Sure sure…….” Concealed Light replied. He seemed like he couldn’t wait any longer.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was a bit hesitant though. After all, Concealed Light was someone they had met online. He said he would join the team, but it was just an oral agreement. There wasn’t an actual contract or anything between them, and Ye Xiu had given him something so important…….</p>
    <p>Chen Guo thought this was a bit too rash, but seeing that Ye Xiu trusted Concealed Light, she felt a bit embarrassed to cut in. After all, the data had already been handed over. Even if she said it now, it was too late. It would be better to place more trust in this talent from Famous University.</p>
    <p>“Do you know about Steamed Bun’s situation?” Chen Guo had neatly organized the information on Little Cold Hands and Concealed Light, but she didn’t have time to gather any about Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“Apart from his name, I have a general understanding of his situation!” Ye Xiu said. He had known Steamed Bun Invasion for awhile now and had gleaned some information from his conversations with him. He was very similar to Concealed Light. Ye Xiu already knew that he was young.</p>
    <p>He had gotten Steamed Bun Invasion’s phone number a long time ago. As for what he did…… from their conversations together, he had revealed that he was a guard at an Internet Cafe. In that case, he had a similar background as Wei Chen. Both of them were ruffians! What would it be like if the two met each other….</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun has never said his real name before?” Chen Guo organized everyone’s information. Steamed Bun Invasion’s name was the only space left blank for now though.</p>
    <p>“He’s never talked about it. I’ll ask him in a sec.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay. Then currently we have you, Little Tang, Old Wei, Little Cold Hands, Steamed Bun, and Concealed Light. We have six already!” Chen Guo was excited.</p>
    <p>Six players was the minimum number of players required for a team. It was the number required for a team competition. However, the rules in the Alliance weren’t fixed. If the team didn’t meet the minimum requirements, it wouldn’t mean that their qualifications would be nulled. The team could still participate, but the team would just be at a disadvantage.</p>
    <p>For example, if a team had five players. The team would have to give up on one round of the individual competition, or play the group competition as a 2v3.</p>
    <p>In addition to that, for the team competition, the team would only have five players and no substitutes.</p>
    <p>This ruling was because of the difficult start in the early years of the pro scene. At that time, there were too many teams and not enough players. Teams only had the minimum six players. If any one of them had some sort of accident, it would become awkward. If they automatically lost, too many matches would be cancelled, which was why this rule had been created.</p>
    <p>However, even though they could still register and participate in the competition without six players, they wouldn’t be able to win. Now that Team Happy had six players gathered, none of which were randomly chosen, they were progressing quite well.</p>
  </body>
</html>
