<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1537 -  Achilles’ Heel</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1537 -  Achilles’ Heel</h1>
    <p>The audience didn't have time to check closely what the thing floating in the lava was when Desert Dust dropped down. The lava splashed like water where his foot landed. It was only then did they notice that he had stepped onto that thing.</p>
    <p>His character didn't sink. This time, everyone could see clearly that the thing floating in the lava was a small rock, which could be used as a foothold.</p>
    <p>With how fast the lava and hot air flowed, it was a wonder how Han Wenqing had discovered this hidden foothold. Nevertheless, they knew that once he landed on the foothold, he would be able to act again.</p>
    <p>Soaring Tiger!</p>
    <p>The force from the kick pushed the lava aside as Desert Dust flew into the air.　</p>
    <p>Soaring Tiger didn't allow him to fly, but it was still a powerful jump. Han Wenqing adjusted his jumping angle well. Desert Dust was like an artillery shell as he headed straight for Lord Grim, who had activated Rotor Wings. After they crashed into each other, where would they land? Perhaps even Han Wenqing didn't know. He was only certain of one thing. Whether he fell into the lava or the water, he would definitely be able to drag Lord Grim together with him.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu felt a bad premonition when he saw Desert Dust leap towards the lava. He didn't think the old rival of his was discouraged to the point of wanting to kill himself.</p>
    <p>During Han Wenqing's first jump, Ye Xiu had anticipated where he would land. Even though he wasn't able to see the landing spot, Ye Xiu was certain that Han Wenqing had found a place for him to jump again from.</p>
    <p>Soaring Tiger!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had made the prediction the moment Han Wenqing acted. By the time he realized that Han Wenqing would use this skill, Desert Dust had already landed on that small rock and used Soaring Tiger to rocket towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>However, this prediction was enough for Ye Xiu to react. Life and death in a match depended on these small moments.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim dropped down.　</p>
    <p>An unexpected response. Forward, backwards, left, right, up, the audience had helped imagine the different scenarios for Ye Xiu. However, no one had expected him to go down. From everyone's perspective, by moving down, Lord Grim would be exactly where Han Wenqing wanted him to be.</p>
    <p>Maybe it was precisely this reason that Han Wenqing would be caught off guard? Some people thought of themselves as clever coming up with this reasoning. For example, Pan Lin. He was just about to say his thoughts, but the changes in the battle were too fast. There was no time for him to interject.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Explosions suddenly sounded from in the air.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had retracted his Rotor Wings. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was held in front of him, sending Anti-Tank Missiles towards the incoming Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust had no way to dodge these missiles from in the air. Soaring Tiger was still being used though, so his character wouldn't be knocked back by the explosions.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust might not be knocked back, but Lord Grim would.</p>
    <p>Using the recoil from the Anti-Tank Missiles, Lord Grim dropped even faster diagonally downwards.</p>
    <p>The lava was still beneath him. However, Lord Grim had plenty of skills in his arsenal. He had methods to move around in the air and get himself to shore.</p>
    <p>As for Desert Dust? Soaring Tiger had missed, and he had no way to move around in the air. It seemed like Han Wenqing could only watch as his Desert Dust fell into the lava.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing's play hd been too risky!</p>
    <p>Countless people sighed. However, the two players on stage didn't think it was over.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing hadn't given up, and Ye Xiu didn't think that he was safe yet.</p>
    <p>Amidst the smoke and fire from the explosions, Desert Dust dropped down at a speed far faster than Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Thousand Ton Drop!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing had unexpectedly used this skill, and what he wanted was to fall down faster. When he reached Lord Grim's height, he cancelled Thousand Ton Drop.</p>
    <p>Launching Kick!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust moved sideways in the air, his legs kicking out. 　　</p>
    <p>He was falling directly downwards, while Lord Grim was falling down diagonally. There was quite a bit of distance between them. However, Han Wenqing reacted extremely fast. The moment the Anti-Tank Missiles were fired, he had predicted that Lord Grim would fall down diagonally. It was at that moment he used Thousand Ton Drop.</p>
    <p>One was moving diagonally downwards, while the other was moving straight downwards. The two characters had begun moving at slightly different times. However, Thousand Ton Drop was faster. In the blink of an eye, Han Wenqing had caught up, and Lord Grim was within Launching Kick's range. Even if unspecialized characters had plenty of ways to move around in the air, Han Wenqing's response had been too fast. Ye Xiu had no time to use another skill!</p>
    <p>In that instant, Ye Xiu could only have Lord Grim raise his umbrella above him. He had to at least try to parry it. By parrying it, he could keep control of his character. If he was directly hit by Desert Dust's Launching Kick, Lord Grim would be sent flying towards wherever Han Wenqing wanted.</p>
    <p>Their attacks met in the air.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu watched the approaching attack carefully. Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was held at a certain angle, ready to use the force from the kick to move where he wanted to.</p>
    <p>But Desert Dust had the same idea too. When his Launching Kick landed on the umbrella, Lord Grim used the force to fall down even faster, while Desert Dust twisted his body in the air, using his other leg to kick. Whirlwind Kick!</p>
    <p>Combo!</p>
    <p>Despite being in the air, Han Wenqing was able to complete a two-hit combo. His Launching Kick landed on the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella followed by a Whirlwind Kick. He was still falling down too, and he was even able to move horizontally again in the air...</p>
    <p>Everyone was struck dumb. How many inputs had been needed for him to borrow the force from Launching Kick to position his Whirlwind Kick?</p>
    <p>Pa!</p>
    <p>This time, the sound of a kick hitting flesh could be heard.</p>
    <p>It hit?</p>
    <p>Tyranny's fans were feeling excited, but when they took another look...　</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had suddenly swung his arm. In his hand was part of the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. He had actually been able to parry Desert Dust's Whirlwind Kick.　　</p>
    <p>This is?</p>
    <p>The spectators weren't able to tell what skill Lord Grim had used. It wasn't possible for the parry to be from a normal attack. Whirlwind Kick had a higher priority than normal attacks, and Lord Grim would have certainly been sent flying.</p>
    <p>Pa pa pa pa pa...</p>
    <p>The audience kept hearing the sound of punches and kicks hitting flesh again and again.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust had the upper hand?　　</p>
    <p>No!　</p>
    <p>It wasn't only Desert Dust punching and kicking. Lord Grim's unspecialized was also using Fighter skills to contend with Desert Dust at this close distance.</p>
    <p>It was close combat at a distance that couldn't get any closer.</p>
    <p>There was almost zero distance between them. Let alone a sword, even a dagger would be too long. Only punches and kicks could be used at this distance.</p>
    <p>Tyranny's fans felt exhilarated.</p>
    <p>If they fought like this, how could their captain not have the advantage? It was true that unspecialized characters had Fighter skills, but how could they compared to a true Striker? What's more, Han Wenqing had immersed himself with this class for ten years. At close combat, if he said he was second, who dared to say they were first?</p>
    <p>Not even Ye Xiu dared to!</p>
    <p>This time, they were right. Ye Xiu was proficient at all classes, but even so, his skill in this area couldn't compare to Han Wenqing, who had been perfecting it for ten years. In addition, there was a difference in their classes. Strikers were specialized in close combat. Desert Dust was outfitted in equipment specifically to buff his close combat capabilities. As for Lord Grim? Even though he had a full set of Silver equipment, it was more all-rounded.</p>
    <p>So that's the case!</p>
    <p>The eyes of the various pro players watching the match suddenly lit up.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was very well-rounded. When he came out of retirement with his unspecialized, Lord Grim, he was displaying his knowledge as the Glory Textbook to the limit. Everyone felt their heads hurt facing him because no one could keep up with the constantly changing unspecialized. As a result, they would often be on the defensive.</p>
    <p>However, Han Wenqing, Ye Xiu's rival of ten years, was now forcefully suppressing Ye Xiu because he wasn't competing with Ye Xiu all-around, or trying to figure out the constantly changing unspecialized. He was pulling Ye Xiu into his domain.</p>
    <p>By limiting the fight to close combat, even if Ye Xiu was proficient in all areas, many of his unspecialized skills couldn't be used in these conditions. He could only use the same method of fighting as Han Wenqing to compete. His fundamentals at close combat may be exceptional, but it couldn't compare to Han Wenqing's.</p>
    <p>The pro players watching immediately thought of ways to pull Ye Xiu into their area of expertise, but as they thought about it, most of the players immediately felt grieved.</p>
    <p>Even if they fought with Ye Xiu in their own domain, it wouldn't be enough to give them an overwhelming advantage against him. It seemed like only a God like Han Wenqing with ten years of experience in one area would be able to have this effect.</p>
    <p>The viewers all had their own thoughts, but the match continued.</p>
    <p>Everyone felt like Han Wenqing would be able to hold the upper hand with this way of fighting, but they forgot that this situation couldn't continue forever because the two were in the air.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's previous escape route had been cut off by Desert Dust. The two fought as they dropped towards the lava.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing didn't seem to notice. He was completely unconcerned. Desert Dust's offense didn't expose any openings, so Ye Xiu was helpless. He wanted to try get away, but at this close of a distance, he could only fight. Skills from other classes? There was no point thinking about them. If those skills were used, Han Wenqing would mercilessly interrupt them because they were too slow.</p>
    <p>The instant the two characters were about to fall into the lava, Desert Dust suddenly trembled.　</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>He had unexpectedly activated this skill at such a crucial moment. Was he planning on using his increased defense and Super Armor to find an opportunity after they fell into the lava?</p>
    <p>Everyone thought those were his intentions, when Desert Dust suddenly used High Kick!</p>
    <p>High Kick had a knock-up effect. Han Wenqing hadn't used the skill before. He knew that Ye Xiu would definitely tank a movement displacement skill like High Kick and use the opportunity to escape, but even so, he decided to use it at this moment.</p>
    <p>Why?</p>
    <p>Even Ye Xiu hesitated. If that kick had come earlier, he definitely would have took the hit. But using it at this moment? No matter how he looked at it, it must be some sort of trap.</p>
    <p>Block!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu reacted based on his understanding of Han Wenqing. He didn't tank this very suspicious kick. He put up his arms to block it, but the kick suddenly changed direction and missed. Then, his legs suddenly swung down. Desert Dust's upper body seemed to want to rise up as a result.</p>
    <p>This is... Eagle Stamp!</p>
    <p>This strange way of using the skill made Ye Xiu hesitate again. He could only hastily try to block the attack.</p>
    <p>Pa!</p>
    <p>The kick struck Lord Grim's arms. Desert Dust used the momentum to leap into the air, while Lord Grim dropped down into the lava.</p>
    <p>Flames immediately enveloped Lord Grim. The lava constantly dealt damage to Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>And at the same time, pa pa pa pa...</p>
    <p>At max level, Eagle Stamp could be used five times. Desert Dust had only used one previously, so he followed again another four times.</p>
    <p>"Han Wenqing, this isn't right!!!" At this moment of life and death, Ye Xiu still had the time to trash talk. Lord Grim was half immersed in the lava, the fire damage eating away at his health. As for Desert Dust? He was stepping on Lord Grim again, pogo-sticking off his head!</p>
    <p>By using Eagle Stamp, would Desert Dust be able to get back to land? No! But by doing this, he would fall into the lava later, and Lord Grim would take more damage from the lava. As a result, Desert Dust would have a health lead. The brave Han Wenqing only had victory on his mind against Ye Xiu, and he would take these little selfish schemes too.</p>
  </body>
</html>
