<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1523 - Two Second Kill</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1523 - Two Second Kill</h1>
    <p>“In the end, Qin Muyun wasn’t able to defend against Su Mucheng’s fierce assault. Negative Nine Degrees has fallen, and the winner of this round is Su Mucheng!!!” Pan Lin announced the winner passionately, not knowing that Qin Muyun was in fact not far from winning.</p>
    <p>If only I had realized it just a bit earlier, if only I had been ready for it… Qin Muyun felt upset as he walked down from the stage. Along the way down, he greeted Tyranny’s next player, their captain, Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>“Sorry…” When Qin Muyun was still a few steps away, he stopped to apologize to Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>‘Even we as spectators weren’t aware of Su Mucheng’s intentions. All of us underestimated her,” Han Wenqing said. He wasn’t consoling him, or finding an excuse for him. He was pushing the burden onto the entire team.</p>
    <p>“Go back and get ready for the team competition!” Han Wenqing said and then continued onto the stage. Falling was nothing to fear as long as you immediately stood back up. Tyranny’s members needed this sort of backbone.</p>
    <p>“Yes!” Qin Muyun nodded his head and returned to the team.</p>
    <p>“Tyranny’s fourth player is their captain, Han Wenqing!!” Pan Lin shouted excitedly as the next round of the group arena began.</p>
    <p>“How is Han…” Pan Lin wasn’t speaking slowly, but before he could even say four words, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust had rushed forward at an extremely fast speed. His clothing fluttered wildly as the wind flew past him. Desert Dust swung his fist, followed by an enormous explosion. Desert Dust had used his own fists to smash apart Dancing Rain’s artillery shell…</p>
    <p>“Ferocious Tiger Flurry!” Pan Lin called out the skill name. Before this, he had wanted to say “How is Han Wenqing planning on facing Su Mucheng” to start the match, but before he could even say four words, Han Wenqing answered his question.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry! He started immediately with a Level 70 skill. Even the normal players knew that this was a very rash and very wrong move choice. But this was the playoffs, the highest stage in competitive Glory, and the “King of Fighting” Desert Dust chose to use such a move to start the match!</p>
    <p>Why was it not recommended to use a high-level skill to initiate the fight?</p>
    <p>Because even though high-level skills were powerful, if the skill missed, it would leave a huge opening for the opponent to take advantage of. As a result, low-level skills were often necessary as set-up for high-level skills. Players would use their high-level skills when they were certain that it would hit.</p>
    <p>As a result, directly using a high-level skill was considered a rash move. However, when Han Wenqing, who had ten years of Glory experienced, used it, no one thought of it in that way.</p>
    <p>What they saw a confidence.</p>
    <p>Confidence that his skill would definitely hit.</p>
    <p>The wind whistled like a tiger’s roar as the punch flew out. Desert Dust rushed straight for Dancing Rain, piercing directly through her artillery shell, and swung his fist. A hit!</p>
    <p>Was there too little space in the group arena?</p>
    <p>No, no matter how little room there was, it wasn’t to the point where the player could reach the opponent in just one step. Han Wenqing’s unconventional move had been completely outside of Su Mucheng’s expectations. While she was still sending out probing attacks, Han Wenqing bared his fangs and mercilessly pounced onto her.</p>
    <p>It had been only two seconds since the start of the round. The King of Fighting, Desert Dust, had closed in on Dancing Rain, and Ferocious Tiger Flurry had landed…</p>
    <p>In two seconds, Han Wenqing had killed the match.</p>
    <p>“It’s… it’s over…” Pan Lin announced the end of the match, but he didn’t shout out the winner excitedly like he usually did. Instead, he just barely managed to squeeze out these few words.</p>
    <p>How much health did Dancing Rain have left? How much mana did Dancing Rain have left? Pan Lin had planned on slowly going over this information, but it turned out that none of it was important. Right now, Dancing Rain’s health had turned to zero. The fight was already over.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin didn’t know what to say. The pace of today’s group arena was far outside of his expectations. No fight had lasted more than 2 minutes.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng left the player booth. Her expression wasn’t lighthearted at all.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had given Happy a nearly one player lead, but Mo Fan’s crushing defeat lost half of that lead. Su Mucheng finished off Qin Muyun quite cleanly, but as soon as Han Wenqing came onto the stage, he thoroughly wiped away Happy’s lead.</p>
    <p>Happy and Tyranny both had two players remaining. Although Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust had just fought a round, he had lost a negligible amount of health.</p>
    <p>After fulfilling their purpose of exhausting Ye Xiu, Han Wenqing personally pulled the group arena back to the starting line. Moreover, Happy’s next player would be restricted by the map.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui. He had no terrain to utilize. Solely relying on technique, his dirty playstyle might have some effect on rookies, but against Han Wenqing…</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing may not be as all-around as Ye Xiu, but the hardships he had gone through weren’t any less than Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“My turn,” Fang Rui said. As he walked onto the stage, he passed by Su Mucheng. The two simply nodded their heads as greetings.</p>
    <p>The fast-patched fights in today’s group arena made it so the players were constantly switching in and out. One player came onto the stage, and then before they could be satisfied, the next player came onto the stage.</p>
    <p>The seventh round of the group arena, Fang Rui versus Han Wenqing, Qi Master Boundless Sea versus Striker Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>It was a confrontation between two Fighters, but the playstyles of the players were complete opposites.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui with his dirty tricks versus Han Wenqing with his aggressive attacks.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans obviously detested Fang Rui’s playstyle. To them, Fang Rui’s playstyle was heresy. In their eyes, this fight was to annihilate this heretic. The atmosphere in the stadium suddenly turned ablaze.</p>
    <p>The match began. It was a simple map, and the characters quickly loaded in. As soon as the match began, Boundless Sea immediately rolled.</p>
    <p>This was to prevent Han Wenqing from initiating the same way he did last time. But this time, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust didn’t move. Boundless Sea rolling away made him look like a startled mouse. The crowd burst into laughter. Compared to Desert Dust, who stood there straight as a javelin, Boundless Sea looked too hilarious.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn’t care though. If Desert Dust wasn’t going to move, then he should continue moving. Boundless Sea spun round and round, rolling several times.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust turned around, his gaze fixed onto Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was feeling annoyed. This stupid map wasn’t suitable for his usual methods of attack, and just relying on his own movements to get into Han Wenqing’s dead angles was simply impossible.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea made a few turns, but not a single opening could be found on Desert Dust. Boundless Sea turned towards another direction. Suddenly, Desert Dust took a step.</p>
    <p>The viewers didn’t think much of it, but this one step made Fang Rui feel extremely uncomfortable. The group arena was so small. A single step could change the amount of space a character grasped. Desert Dust’s step had been timed precisely, restricting the amount of space that Boundless Sea could move around in.</p>
    <p>No matter how experienced Han Wenqing was, he shouldn’t have been able to find his weak point that fast.</p>
    <p>“Old Lin, you sold me out!!!” A message suddenly popped up in the chat.</p>
    <p>Everyone was stunned. Then, they realized that Old Lin was probably referring to Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan understood Fang Rui well. Even if Fang Rui had changed classes, the person who understood Fang Rui the most was still Lin Jingyan. And Lin Jingyan’s understanding became Tyranny’s understanding. Right now, he wasn’t Fang Rui’s teammate, but his opponent.</p>
    <p>Yes, opponent.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui sounded as if he were in the right. It left everyone speechless. What’s more, Lin Jingyan was sitting on the sides. Had he been hoping for Lin Jingyan to reply back?</p>
    <p>The crowd laughed heartlessly at Fang Rui, but then, Boundless Sea suddenly acted!</p>
    <p>How despicable! How crafty!</p>
    <p>Everyone gasped in surprise. Those words were actually just as a distraction. His sudden but reasonable words</p>
    <p>Qi Bullet, Flash Burst!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea chained together two skills. The Qi Bullet in the front blocked Desert Dust’s line of sight. The Flash Burst was only the size of a finger, but the condensed qi would pierce through everything.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust didn’t dodge. He unexpectedly stepped forward.</p>
    <p>The Qi Bullet reached Desert Dust’s face. This skill didn’t deal that much damage, but with Fang Rui shooting it right at his eyes, how many people wouldn’t try to dodge it instinctively?</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing didn’t!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust didn’t shift in the slightest. He stepped straight forward at the shortest distance and at the fastest speed. The Qi Bullet exploded, and the Flash Burst arrived, but in the blink of an eye, the qi dispersed.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea’s right hand had been grabbed by Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Empty-Handed Blade Block!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing had unexpectedly used a Dismantle skill despite not being able to see and accurately grabbed Boundless Sea’s hand.</p>
    <p>For Fighters, their hands were their weapons. Gloves and claws were worn on the hand.</p>
    <p>Dismantle, a block and then a grab. It was enforced by the system. If the block succeeded, the grab would be guaranteed as a follow up.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust elbowed Boundless Sea’s chest and then followed with a flurry of punches and kicks.</p>
    <p>Both were Fighter classes, but Qi Masters couldn’t compare to Strikers at close range.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea covered his head, trying to scurry away. He whirled and spun around, rolling and flipping. The crowd laughed loudly. Just when they were having fun, Desert Dust’s offense suddenly stopped. Boundless Sea had actually escaped from the combo.</p>
    <p>This…</p>
    <p>Everyone was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>They hadn’t noticed any openings in Desert Dust’s combo, but all of a sudden, Boundless Sea seemed to have pushed him away, interrupting Desert Dust’s combo.</p>
    <p>“Being oppressed like that isn’t carefree at all,” Fang Rui typed in the chat.</p>
    <p>Carefree? The crowd laughed. That word didn’t seem to have any relationship with someone as dirty as you, no?</p>
  </body>
</html>
