<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1131: Persuasion</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1131: Persuasion</h1>
    <p>"Are you joking?" Fang Rui was also online, so he quickly replied back to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"I'm not joking. I'm serious. Think about it." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Change my class?"</p>
    <p>"Yup!"</p>
    <p>"Qi Master?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah."</p>
    <p>"You're not joking?"</p>
    <p>"Of course not!"</p>
    <p>"You've got to be kidding me!" Fang Rui sent about 20 emojis to express his confusion and bafflement. It wasn't like no pro had never changed classes before. Quite a few pros had even made breakthroughs after changing classes. However, Fang Rui was an All Star, who had already proven his abilities. He didn't need to make some kind of breakthrough. In fact, he would bear greater risks if he changed his class. The risk would be for both himself and the team he joined, so Fang Rui could only interpret this as a joke from Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"You're not that unfamiliar with Qi Masters, right?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"I can't be unfamiliar with any of the classes!" Fang Rui said. Indeed, this was because they had to know themselves and their enemies well. As a pro player, he couldn't be unfamiliar with any of the 24 classes. In fact, one could say that a pro player could choose a random class and still be more skilled than a normal player. In the eyes of a normal player, every one of the pros was proficient at every class. Of course, Ye Xiu was a grandmaster at an even higher level, who no one else in the league could compare with. That was how he had earned the title "Glory Textbook".</p>
    <p>Not being unfamiliar with any class was definitely not a reason for one to change classes.</p>
    <p>"You're different. I remember when you started off at Blue Rain's training camp, you were a Qi Master, no?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Damn, you even know that?" Fang Rui was shocked.</p>
    <p>"Excellent Era always paid a considerable amount of attention toward Qi Masters." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"I know. I saw a lot of comments that said if you had managed to recruit Zhao Yang, the rookie who joined season three, things might have turned out differently in season four." Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>"Of course, but our monopolization would have destroyed the greatest charm of competition - suspense. In order to let the Glory League develop further, we could only restrain ourselves a little and not upgrade our potential to the limit. What a pity." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Fuck fuck fuck. Are you serious?" Fang Rui was astonished.</p>
    <p>"You're so easy to trick! And you call yourself the master of playing dirty? Looks like I'll have to reconsider if Happy should offer you a position," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui sent two lines of speechless emojis before replying: "Hurry and reconsider then, stop bothering me…"</p>
    <p>"Seems like you have a lot of faith in your future?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"It's alright…" Fang Rui wasn't being arrogant. After he confirmed he would be transferring, all sorts of analysis flooded his way. Fang Rui's transferring options seemed numerous. Every strong team in the league, apart from Wind Howl who didn't want him, could offer him a position.</p>
    <p>"You want to go to Samsara to form a five All Stars galacticos?" Ye Xiu asked. That would be the most amusing possibility. After Samsara took in Sun Xiang and One Autumn Leaf, they had four All Star players who were all capable of playing at the frontlines. If they could take in Fang Rui and Doubtful Demon, then the team would have been extravagant enough to make one suffocate. As a team who had the ambition of starting another dynasty, everyone was wondering if Samsara would be so tyrannical.</p>
    <p>"Unfortunately, Samsara can't endlessly, no? It's very difficult to support five All Star players. On top of that, Zhou Zekai's contract would be due next summer, so Samsara would pay any price to keep him. Would you compete with Zhou Zekai?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"I wouldn't dare." Fang Rui appeared to be calm, this was because Samsara had already expressed that they weren't interested in him. He liked how amusing a five All Star player team would be. Plus, they were a champion team. If he could get in, then it would have definitely been his top choice. Unfortunately, Samsara's response was very straightforward, which might be because of what Ye Xiu had analyzed.</p>
    <p>"Team Tyranny has your old partner, Old Lin, and those few are not far from retiring, which would stabilize your position in the future. It seems like a good choice!" Ye Xiu said, but continued. "But even if your position is stable, without those old guys, who would be around you? Would Tyranny still have the ability to compete for the championship title? They are currently gambling with all they have, but their future isn't clear."</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't rebut, because this was indeed what Tyranny was criticized for the most. Their aging problem was fatal. They lacked an structure that could help them stably transition. Once the few old players retired, then they would have to re-establish themselves. The risks were fairly great because it was possible for the team to not recover from the fall. Ye Xiu was only stating a possibility when he said Fang Rui might have a stable position after the old players retired. It was obvious that Fang Rui would be thinking deeper for his future. He considered that when Tyranny needed to reconstruct themselves from ground zero, they might not need him anymore. Then, he would be stuck in choosing where to transfer to again.</p>
    <p>It wasn't a good thing for players to constantly drift around if they aimed for something great. Although there was the saying that if a tree moves, it dies, while if people move, they grow. However, those who move constantly are nomadic, which sounded depressing.</p>
    <p>"Moving onto Tiny Herb. After underwent the large adjustments last summer, their player lineup is quite good and they're getting along very well. If they add a new member, they would have to readjust their strategies. I think they would be hesitant to recruit you."</p>
    <p>"Then we have Blue Rain. Their ace is stable and their rookie has a bright future, but the departure of a player like Yu Feng also made a clear impact on them. Blue Rain indeed needs a strong player, and it can't be replenished by some new rookie. Unfortunately, this person can't be you. Blue Rain's tactic is giving Huang Shaotian enough freedom. If they add someone dirty like you, by the time the team matches start, two out of five players would disappear. That would leave them with a healer, a handicapped player, and someone random. Unless Team Blue Rain are masochists, they probably won't consider recruiting you."</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu finished analyzing the four teams which were undoubtedly, the current mainstream powerhouses. In many people's eyes, the other top eight teams like Misty Rain, Void, and Hundred Blossoms from last season were still a step lower. Wind Howl was currently shifting away from this group, but this was the team that Fang Rui was leaving from.</p>
    <p>After Ye Xiu finished his analysis, Fang Rui stayed silent for a long time. A few days had passed since he made his mind to transfer. The conditions Ye Xiu had analyzed were proven in reality. Samsara firmly refused. Fang Rui was personally hesitant with Tyranny, while on the other hand, Tiny Herb was the side who expressed their hesitation. As for Blue Rain, they had a discussion with Wind Howl but gave a vague reply. Apparently, they were contacting another team so they could bring together a large-scale transfer which involved a few other teams. It seemed that Blue Rain wasn't interested in Fang Rui, but wanted to use the marketing effect of Fang Rui's transfer to gain what they needed. No wonder that team revolved around opportunism. They even acted that way in a transfer.</p>
    <p>"From what I see now, teams that are not top tier would be a better choice. Team Misty Rain's tactics are pretty unusual. They have long-ranged classes as their main forces, while also relying on skills to weave around to create chaos. Li Hua is currently taking this responsibility. I think you'd be a good candidate because you'd provide more variations and options for them. Moving onto Void, I think Li Xuan mentioned that they needed more shamelessness in Weibo? He wasn't entirely joking, the Ghostblade Duo need another capable helper. Then there's Hundred Blossoms, they are remaking their old path, but they also have a new style. If you join them, you might give them new ideas and help them make a breakthrough. These three were the top eight teams from last season, but apart from them, there is another team that I strongly recommend." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"It's Happy, right?" Fang Rui thought about Ye Xiu's shamelessness.</p>
    <p>"Nope, it's Thunderclap." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Thunderclap?" Fang Rui was surprised.</p>
    <p>"That's right, with Xiao Shiqin there, you won't have to worry about not being able to develop your skills. He is someone who can use his tactics to maximize everyone's abilities. Especially with his year in Excellent Era, he improved a lot. Thunderclap currently seems to be no different from before, but I am optimistic about their future." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What… you're not going to mention Happy?" Fang Rui was confused.</p>
    <p>"What? You're interested? See, I knew you would be interested in Happy the most, right?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Interested my ass!" Fang Rui's words were rather disrespectful towards the team, but it was obvious that he was extremely annoyed.</p>
    <p>"Firstly, Happy will let you show off your rich experience in changing classes." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"F*ck off, who are you saying is experienced in changing classes?" Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>"You started off as a Qi Master, then Wind Howl recruited you. They originally wanted to train you as a Brawler to succeed Old Lin, but for some reason, you ended up changing into a Thief to partner with him. You've changed classes three times, and you're telling me you are not experienced?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"That doesn't count!" Fang Rui yelled. The experience Ye Xiu mentioned was true, but the problem was that he was in the training camp at the time. For a player, the training camp was like a school where everything wasn't set in stone yet, so it was natural for him to make changes. However, when he became an official pro player, he had stayed as a Thief. Fang Rui was only testing out what his best options were when he changed classes at the training camp. It was only when one's class was set and then changed, could it be counted as "changing classes".</p>
    <p>"Frankly speaking, Happy is not as weak as you think. Our goal is not low-key at all - we are aiming to be champions! Look at our formation: there's Su Mucheng and me. With your addition, wouldn't we have three All Stars at the frontlines?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"What about the others?" Fang Rui asked.</p>
    <p>"The rookies are all rising stars. All the big teams kneeled and begged for us to sell them, but they were kicked away." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Yeah right!" Fang Rui spoke with disdain, but knew that this wasn't a baseless claim. Many teams thought highly of Happy's Tang Rou, but apparently this girl wasn't interested in any other team. A team even threw out a large contract that contained the price completely unfit for a rookie, but she denied the offer without even taking a look.</p>
    <p>"I'm not bragging. Even though Happy currently has weak characters, we are gradually improving. As long as we get through the early stages smoothly, we will gain an advantage in our high-end upgrades. We proved this by upgrading Boundless Sea's weapon to Level 75 within a day!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
