<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1250: Rookies’ Partnership</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1250: Rookies’ Partnership</h1>
    <p>The players who frequented the All-Stars list would not make a big deal out of the matches here, but most rookies did not share this sentiment. This was especially true for many first-year rookies. They had very few opportunities to get on stage, and all had a thirst to prove themselves. The All-Star matches received plenty of attention, and the rookies could face strong opponents, which made it quite a good opportunity to show off their skills. It didn't really matter if the matches were not played very seriously. Anyone would brag if they defeated the Battle God, the Great Gunner or the Sword Saint.</p>
    <p>For this reason, the rookies were quite enthusiastic for the All-Stars Weekend. Enthusiasm translated to diligence. If they came on stage and faced a God, they would deep down be hoping to win, regardless of how courteous they appeared to be. Right now, Zeng Xinran and Song Qiying were about to play in a two on one. Even though Song Qiying felt apprehensive since it was against the rules, his mind was still focused on winning as soon as the match began. Two on one meant employing tactics for a two on one; Song Qiying did not entertain the thought of deliberately creating a one on one scenario in this situation. Thus, as soon as they entered battle, he actively communicated with his partner. The two weren't too familiar with each other, and it was probably a bad idea to rely on pure observation and skill to reach a tacit understanding. Therefore, Song Qiying hoped to communicate a basic battle plan first.</p>
    <p>A battle plan that involved two characters of the same class.</p>
    <p>Technically, they were not the same sub-class. They only shared some low-level skills, but approaching the current problem from this angle was undoubtedly the quickest way for them to find common ground. Song Qiying's judgement here was quite spot-on.</p>
    <p>Same class duo tactics?</p>
    <p>Zeng Xinran was also a reasonably diligent rookie. When he heard Song Qiying mention this, he immediately thought of some same-class duos in strong teams. The double-act of a same class duo could be said to be the most prevalent type of cooperative play in the pro scene. His Brawler and Song Qiying's Striker could qualify for a bit of a double-act as well.</p>
    <p>Except...</p>
    <p>Song Qiying was admittedly apprehensive about a two on one at first, but still managed to focus when the match started. But Zeng Xinran had other plans. What he wanted the most was just to defeat Ye Xiu, displaying his own talent in the process. A two on one? He didn't really think that far. When he heard Song Qiying's suggestion for cooperating, he didn't dismiss it entirely, but did he put too much thought into it either.</p>
    <p>"Yeah… I guess as a Striker and a Brawler we could…"</p>
    <p>"It can wait! The opponent is already closing in!" Zeng Xinran interrupted Song Qiying, and had his Brawler Delillo rush forward to meet Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>"Don't be too hasty!" Song Qiying called out quickly. He had quite a few ideas for a Striker and Brawler duo. Don't forget that his team Tyranny currently had the same duo, made up of the most experienced Striker and Brawler in Glory history! But right now, it didn't seem like his partner was patient enough or very interested in cooperating…</p>
    <p>"I'll test the waters. Follow up appropriately!" Zeng Xinran didn't refuse Song Qiying entirely; he was well aware of his own limits. Defeating God Ye Xiu, who had a sixteen win-streak in the individual competition? Of course Zeng Xinran had this desire, but he didn't dare have that much confidence in himself. But at least within the partnership between him and Song Qiying, he was happy to give himself the main role. It didn't matter that right now, Song Qiying was slightly more reputable than him. Since they were both rookies, Zeng Xinran had some confidence that he could steal the spotlight from Song Qiying.</p>
    <p>"How do you plan to test the waters?" Song Qiying asked, while quickly following close behind with his character River Sunset. The two rookies could keep communicating because the voice channels were open. The All-Stars matches were slightly more lax on the rules and had never forbidden voice chat. However, with the recent lively debate about voice chat in the Pro League, the arrangement at the All-Stars matches also doubled as a trial of sorts.</p>
    <p>"We'll look for an opportunity," Zeng Xinran answered.</p>
    <p>"At least have some semblance of a plan!" Song Qiying was alarmed by how casual Zeng Xinran was being.</p>
    <p>"Okay, I'll go first, you follow up." Zeng Xinran revealed his plan.</p>
    <p>"..." Song Qiying was looking for something to say but became lost for words.</p>
    <p>"Dodge!" Zeng Xinran suddenly shouted.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's raised his Myriad Manifestation Umbrella. It blazed with gunfire and attacked the rookie duo from afar.</p>
    <p>"He has a significant range advantage over us, I'm sure he won't let us get close too easily. We need to flank him," Song Qiying called out.</p>
    <p>"What's your plan then?" Zeng Xinran said, while having Delillo continuously roll. Lord Grim unleashed a never-ending stream of skills from gunner, mage or whatever classes; his selection criterion simply being that the attack range was enough to reach the enemy. Even though Zeng Xinran's brawler had some mid-range skills, he was still forcibly zoned out.</p>
    <p>"Split up and flank!" Song Qiying said.</p>
    <p>"Fuck, and here I thought you had some master plan!" Zeng Xinran said.</p>
    <p>"Flanking isn't just charging from two different directions! We need to watch the opponent's attack rhythm and skill rotations, and find the optimal angle of approach," Song Qiying explained.</p>
    <p>"Blah blah blah, just tell me which angle!" Zeng Xinran yelled.</p>
    <p>"I'll take the left. You go right," Song Qiying said.</p>
    <p>"Could you be any more vague?" Zeng Xinran said.</p>
    <p>"Split up first, we'll look for opportunities," Song Qiying called out.</p>
    <p>"Isn't that what I said in the first place?" Zeng Xinran muttered. The two rookies' characters, Striker River Sunset and Brawler Delillo, took the left and right respectively, and began to close their distance.</p>
    <p>"Spread further! Further! Okay, line it up!" Song Qiying called, while observing Lord Grim and dodging his attacks. The two characters ran up and managed to form a straight line with Lord Grim in the middle.</p>
    <p>"Sweet, that reduced his damage output by a lot. Cover me while I try to get into attack range!" Zeng Xinran yelled.</p>
    <p>"How am I meant to cover you?" Song Qiying felt gloomy. Strikers had the shortest effective attack range out of all 24 classes in Glory. Since when did this class provide cover fire?</p>
    <p>"Be forceful and charge, attract as much of his attention as you can!" Zeng Xinran said</p>
    <p>"That's nice of you, letting me be the cannon fodder," Song Qiying complained, but still had River Sunset charge forward. He believed that Zeng Xinran's suggestion was still the best way forward.</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>River Sunset quickly activated this skill which gave Super Armor and increased defence, then followed up with Cloud Body and charged in forcibly.</p>
    <p>As expected after seeing such a forceful charge, Lord Grim focused more of his attacks in the direction of River Sunset. He also started retreating to widen the distance between the two.</p>
    <p>"Good job!" Zeng Xinran praised; he felt the pressure towards his own side lessen noticeably. Delillo seized the opportunity and charged forward madly.</p>
    <p>Should I focus on my left or right?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu seemed to have been put in an awkward spot. Song Qiying's River Sunset seemingly aimed to draw his attention, but the threat of his every step was very real. If Lord Grim toned down his attacks towards River Sunset, Song Qiying would waltz right up to Lord Grim without hesitation. Strikers would not be able to demonstrate full potential in battle unless they were really up close.</p>
    <p>What will he do?</p>
    <p>Song Qiying carefully watched Lord Grim's every move.</p>
    <p>"Don't forget to maintain the angle!" Song Qiying yelled. He noticed that after Lord Grim retreated perpendicularly to their two characters, the angle between them was shrinking. This would allow Lord Grim to switch fire more freely; they definitely shouldn't make this so easy for Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>"You maintain it!" Zeng Xinran answered firmly.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying was speechless. Although keeping the angle by one person was achievable, it was more flexible if both contributed! Zeng Xinran really wanted to be the primary attacker no matter what!</p>
    <p>There was no time to argue in the midst of battle. Song Qiying felt helpless and could only do all the dirty work that the other guy didn't want a part of. He moved sideways to maintain the Lord Grim sandwich, while trying his best to close the distance and exert some pressure.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim concentrated even more gunfire towards River Sunset.</p>
    <p>"Chance!" Song Qiying called out.</p>
    <p>"You don't say!" Under Zeng Xinran's control, Delillo sent out a Powerful Knee Strike. It wasn't aimed at dealing damage but rather to close the distance, and Delillo managed to forcibly propel himself into attack range.</p>
    <p>"Here I come!" Zeng Xinran shouted loudly.</p>
    <p>"Don't rush in!" Song Qiying saw this and shouted in return, but Delillo already used the Powerful Knee Strike. It was too late to cancel the skill; in any case, it wasn't like Zeng Xinran would care about anything Song Qiying said in this situation.</p>
    <p>This is bad!</p>
    <p>A flank attack didn't seem complicated, but it actually required balance and precision between the two partners. Delillo's advance was too hasty and brought about an imbalance; this was especially disadvantageous for Song Qiying's Striker, as they needed to be up close and personal before they could attack at all. This gave a very good chance for the opponent to launch a fierce counter-attack.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying analyzed this correctly, but he knew he had no way to stop Zeng Xinran. He could only have River Sunset charge forward recklessly, but...</p>
    <p>"Behind you!" Song Qiying shouted. Lord Grim used Shadow Clone Technique and teleported behind Delillo. Zeng Xinran threw a brick towards Lord Grim; he was so excited he got within attack range that he thought he was invincible. After hearing Song Qiying's warning, he realized something was wrong; but it was far too late to react. A spurt of blood bloomed out from Delillo's neck. Ye Xiu mercilessly had Lord Grim use Cut-Throat.</p>
    <p>Exactly! This imbalance!</p>
    <p>Delillo rushed in too quickly and disrupted the coordination with River Sunset. From the current distance, River Sunset could not throw out any attacks. Zeng Xinran was currently one on one against Ye Xiu, and after being ambushed from behind, lost all initiative. Song Qiying could only watch from afar. He had no way to intervene so he urged River Sunset to quickly close the distance.</p>
    <p>But... would Ye Xiu have Lord Grim wait for River Sunset to arrive?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>A Falling Flower Pam sent Delillo crashing into River Sunset. Lord Grim took this opportunity to retreat and increase the distance, once again starting to kite the two characters.</p>
  </body>
</html>
