<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 370 – A Bit Too Few</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 370 – A Bit Too Few</h1>
    <p>“Dodge!”</p>
    <p>Tang Rou called as her Soft Mist rolled to the right. Steamed Bun Invasion wasn’t slow, either. He rolled to the left and dodged it beautifully.</p>
    <p>“F*ck!” Comrade Concealed Light gave out a firm shout and was knocked to the ground by the Collapsing Mountain. The ground onshore was soft and immediately caved in to form the figure of a person. Concealed Light had been pressed into the ground by the Greatsword. His arms and legs were still struggling! It wasn’t as if he didn’t want to dodge, but his fingers were too slow. He had probably only started moving when the attack hit him, so even though he was on the ground already, his hands and arms were still twitching!</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha, you suck!” Steamed Bun Invasion laughed out loud. He didn’t move slowly, though, and immediately went up to rescue him, clawing towards the Berserker’s throat with a Strangle.</p>
    <p>The Berserker wasn’t slow, either. He immediately jumped backwards in order to try and dodge, but just happened to leap into Soft Mist’s attack range. Tang Rou had been prepared to attack. As soon as she saw that her enemy had delivered himself to her, she didn’t even bother stepping forward to welcome him. She shot out a palm towards his back and Falling Flower Palm blew him away. The Berserker had just escaped from the lake, but he was now heading back.</p>
    <p>“Ah! Why’d you hit him into the water? What do we do, now?” Steamed Bun Invasion saw the Berserker get sent flying and asked in regret.</p>
    <p>These words were like a gust of cold wind towards the ten or so players. His voice didn’t sound like he was bluffing! It sounded as if he was very confident in cleaning them up.</p>
    <p>“Could it be…… that this Steamed Bun Invasion is another pro God?” someone suddenly raised a terrifying notion. This notion seemed rational and logical. If there was a Ye Qiu and a Su Mucheng, why wouldn’t there be another God?</p>
    <p>Everyone there had seen Steamed Bun Invasion’s name on the standings before. Even though a few of them had fought with him before, because of how eye catching Lord Grim was, his teammates would have been outshined to a certain extent. The guilds hadn’t done too much research on Steamed Bun yet. They only knew that he definitely wasn’t weak. And now with Lord Grim and Cleansing Mist’s true identities exposed, Steamed Bun Invasion……. They were thinking about this from this perspective.</p>
    <p>“I don’t think so……” someone said.</p>
    <p>“Your reason?” “The name is…… too stupid, isn’t it? What type of Brawler expert has such a stupid sounding name?” These experienced players were familiar with the majority of Brawlers in the pro scene. They didn’t remember any weird names similar to “Steamed Bun Invasion”.</p>
    <p>This group of players had been shaken by Steamed Bun Invasion. During their moment of hesitation, Concealed Light had climbed back out and was mercilessly made fun of by Steamed Bun Invasion. His words left Concealed Light speechless.</p>
    <p>“You should just stay behind me and watch the show!” Steamed Bun Invasion shouted, making the ten or so experts go blank…… Just how strong was this guy?</p>
    <p>“Let’s try first. At worst, one of us dies!” There was still one brave hero amidst the ten or so players. He didn’t think that they needed to be so scared. He shouted and then rushed forward. But he hadn’t even closed in yet, when the team received a notification. Another person had left the team.</p>
    <p>“What’s going on!” This brave hero froze in fear. He turned his head to look back. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven……. Everyone was still there!</p>
    <p>He then turned back to look at Steamed Bun Invasion……</p>
    <p>“Pu!”</p>
    <p>A Brick smashed into his face.</p>
    <p>“F*CK!” The Brick couldn’t stop him from cursing out loud. The Brick covering his mouth was only a visual effect.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion moved nimbly and quickly circled behind him.</p>
    <p>“Kick him into the lake!” Tang Rou shouted.</p>
    <p>“Why?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked, but Steamed Bun Invasion’s biggest strength was that he would ask why, but he didn’t need to finish hearing the explanation to perform the task. He asked, while comboing an Uppercut into a Knee Attack to the back,sending the brave hero back into the water.</p>
    <p>“There’s a BOSS inside the water.” Tang Rou replied calmly.</p>
    <p>“BOSS, then we should go and kill it!” Steamed Bun Invasion said excitedly.</p>
    <p>“We can’t. The BOSS is on the same team as us.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was still confused, but their enemies already understood. They realized that Ye Qiu and Su Mucheng were still hiding in the water beside them.</p>
    <p>“There really is an ambush waiting!!” one of them yelled. They suddenly lost all will to fight, but how could Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion let them go? They rushed forward and attacked.</p>
    <p>A few of the players in the water had originally been hoping to wait for a good opportunity to go up onto land, but now they knew that danger had been all around them the entire time. They tried to hurry onto land as fast as they could, but then they heard something come out of the water. They turned their heads to see two hand grenades, one on their left and one on their right, arcing above their heads. The grenades landed in front of them and exploded……</p>
    <p>The waves pushed them into the BOSS’s embrace. They tried to resist, but it was useless. Dozens of players had been helpless against Ye Qiu in the water. What could the few of them do?</p>
    <p>The players onshore may have lost two players, but against Tang Rou’s group, their numbers advantage was still obvious. However, once they knew that Ye Qiu was nearby and seeing that the other side’s plan was to send them into the water, these ten or so players lost all hope. They no longer had any thoughts of fighting them. Their only thought was to run away. Once they started running, Tang Rou’s group couldn’t do anything because they had too few members. They could only do their best to chase. In order to save precious time, they didn’t try and kill them and instead tried to toss them into the water.</p>
    <p>In terms of raw mechanics, these players couldn’t compare to Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion. However, in terms of their familiarity with Glory, they were far superior. Right now, they were completely defenseless, fearful of the God’s presence.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion tried their hardest, but had only been able to toss five of the players back into the water. Concealed Light had initially been extremely nervous facing all of these high-level players, but who would have thought that these guys wouldn’t even fight back? It let even him show off his might.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light wanted to give out a good performance, but his skill level was truly too low. These experienced players simply reacted out of instinct and Concealed Light was helpless against them. The players were already in complete disorder, though. They didn’t even notice how bad this Summoner was.</p>
    <p>“We can’t catch them!” After tossing five into the water, the other four had already ran far away. Tang Rou could only regretfully report.</p>
    <p>“It’s not over until the very last moment! We shouldn’t give up!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“Then you go chase them!” Concealed Light mocked. His skills in battle were terrible, but his judgement was very good.</p>
    <p>“It’s the very last moment now! I declare: give up!” Steamed Bun Invasion solemnly said.</p>
    <p>“Idiot!” Concealed Light turned around to watch the water battle.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, how can you talk to your senior like that? I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I’ll throw you into the waters to feed the BOSS, you hear!” Steamed Bun Invasion chased after him.</p>
    <p>The three stood together on the shoreside, but they could only see the rolling waves. The characters were underwater, so they couldn’t see what was going on very clearly.</p>
    <p>From time to time, a player’s head would come up, but from their observations, anyone whose head came up was dead.</p>
    <p>Up until now, three players had shown their heads. Everything under them was a cloud of white light.</p>
    <p>“What type of BOSS is this? It’s so strange…….” Steamed Bun Invasion thought.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was speechless. This brother still didn’t understand what she had meant. He was still thinking it was an actual wild BOSS.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light, on the other hand, was enjoying Steamed Bun Invasion’s stupidity and didn’t tell him that he was wrong.</p>
    <p>“Careful!” A huge wave suddenly rose up from the water. Inside the wave was a figure. Steamed Bun Invasion shouted while jumping forward to protect the two of them.</p>
    <p>Against an unknown danger, Steamed Bun Invasion stood firm. Tang Rou saw that the figure in the wave wasn’t their ally, but by the time she realized this, Steamed Bun Invasion had already moved.</p>
    <p>This was completely instinct. Tang Rou reckoned that Steamed Bun Invasion hadn’t seen clearly what had come out. If Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had jumped out, then that would be hilarious.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion’s fingers were as precise as ever. He sent out a kick with an Eagle Stamp.</p>
    <p>With the double stamp, Steamed Bun Invasion somersaulted back to shore. That brother had naturally been smashed back into the water by Steamed Bun Invasion. As he fell, the three heard a “F*CK YOUR SISTER!”</p>
    <p>The brother that fell back in was really bitter!</p>
    <p>They weren’t their opponents in the water and Ye Qiu’s and Su Mucheng’s golden duo were extremely terrifying. The dozens of players couldn’t contain them, but the duo had a very easy time containing them. They had already lost their will to fight long ago. They only wanted to run. They tried their hardest. Three of them had died to give this player a chance to escape onto shore, but as soon as he got out of the water, the tips of his toes hadn’t even touched the ground, when a little punk onshore had kicked him back in.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!!” In the water, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim showed his head, praising Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>However, amidst the roaring waves, although they could hear him, they couldn’t see him.</p>
    <p>“Huh? Did I hear senior’s voice!” Steamed Bun Invasion stared stupidly!</p>
    <p>“Yeah! They’re in the water!”</p>
    <p>“Ah? Senior is fighting the BOSS?” Steamed Bun Invasion cried out in astonishment.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou thought for a bit, but didn’t say anything. She was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to explain her analogy to Steamed Bun Invasion to make him understand.</p>
    <p>“I want to watch!” Steamed Bun Invasion shouted and jumped into the water, but not longer after, he came back and said to Tang Rou and Concealed Light: “The BOSS is already dead. Senior is fighting with the ones who stole the BOSS. The water feels so weird. It was just like senior said before. We can’t really help him, so we’ll just stand guard here! If anyone comes up, we’ll send them back in.”</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion said and used an Eagle Stamp to demonstrate, wasting his cooldown.</p>
    <p>“Me too!” Tang Rou said and jumped into the water. She wanted to see what was so different about fighting in the water than on ground like Ye Xiu had said.</p>
    <p>But she didn’t even get the chance to sink deeper! The surface of the water split apart and Lord Grim’s and Su Mucheng’s heads came out.</p>
    <p>“Done?” Tang Rou’s Soft Mist asked with half of her body in the water.</p>
    <p>“Done.” Ye Xiu said. “A bit too few, though!”</p>
  </body>
</html>
