<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1020: Not Like This</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1020: Not Like This</h1>
    <p>Li Yibo had been making mistakes throughout the match, but this time, he was on point. At Happy's bench, Wei Chen saw the way the round was going and started getting uneasy.</p>
    <p>"What exactly is he planning?" Wei Chen called out.　　</p>
    <p>"What's wrong?" Chen Guo hastily asked. She was also extremely nervous. She wanted to close her eyes and wait until this round was over before opening them again. Hearing Wei Chen suddenly speak out, Chen Guo immediately wanted to ask how he thought this round would go. All she saw was that the health on boths sides were dropping. Neither side seemed to have the upper hand. However, Lord Grim had less health at the start, so if this continued on, Lord Grim would be the one to fall.</p>
    <p>"He's already lost reason. If he lets his emotions affect him, how is he going to play in the team competition?" Wei Chen was somewhat mad. Chen Guo could see that Wei Chen was truly angry, but... she didn't understand what Wei Chen was talking about.</p>
    <p>"Don't worry. He definitely has a reason for playing like this." Widely known as being wild, Sun Zheping was actually very calm at the moment. Even though he was talking to them, his eyes never left the stage.</p>
    <p>"If he plays like this, even if he beats Sun Xiang, what's the point? To satisfy his vanity? To tell everyone that One Autumn Leaf's successor isn't as good as him?" Wei Chen's words were difficult for Chen Guo to accept. In her eyes, even though Ye Xiu had his problems, he wasn't that type of person. If he cared about that, how could he have let Excellent Era prance around him as they pleased?</p>
    <p>"What are you talking about!" Chen Guo was also getting angry.</p>
    <p>"If he keeps on playing like this, how is he going to play in the later team competition?" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong with that? Which pro player doesn't play in the team competition after the individual competition?" Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"You don't understand shit." Wei Chen was indeed feeling anxious. His speech became much more intense. He wasn't in the mood to explain it to Chen Guo. He had carried a lot of doubt and hesitation before reaching this point. He knew very well that the current Alliance no longer had a place for him. Any pro player nowadays needed him to rack his brains to beat. Even so, he had persisted until this day because his dream still burned brightly in his heart and because he trusted the person who had convinced him to return. Even though they had once been opponents in the past, it was for that reason that he understood Ye Xiu's thirst for victory.</p>
    <p>When Wei Chen came out on stage, he lost to Xiao Shiqin. It took him, Tang Rou, and Mo Fan to take down Xiao Shiqin. 3v1. This type of performance wasn't worthy of any praise. Wei Chen also felt disappointed and worried because of the outcome. However, he wasn't discouraged because he knew that this was only a small portion of the finals. The match hadn't ended yet.</p>
    <p>However, when he saw Ye Xiu's performance, his concern turned into panic. Ye Xiu was the pillar of the team. If even Ye Xiu lost his reason and began to only care about himself, how could the far weaker Happy have any chances of winning?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo looked at Wei Chen. She didn't bicker about his impoliteness because she knew that Wei Chen was too scared of losing. He would be thirty this year. After seven years of retirement, getting this one chance to return to the pro scene could already be considered a miracle. He hoped to return to the Alliance with Happy more than anyone else. This was his last chance. He was an outdated player with no future for growth. His only hope lay in Happy. The greater the hope, the greater the despair.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't argue with Wei Chen. She wasn't good enough. She really couldn't see anything strange about the situation, but she believed that Wei Chen wouldn't be worried over nothing. However, she was more willing to believe in Ye Xiu. Even if she couldn't understand it, she knew that Ye Xiu definitely wouldn't be like what Wei Chen worried for. Losing his reason and only caring about himself was only good for playing Super Mario.</p>
    <p>"You must have made a mistake. I believe in him." Chen Guo said firmly. Wei Chen stared blankly for a bit and then sighed: "I hope so."</p>
    <p>"Yes, so it's like that." Sun Zheping had been watching the match intensely the entire time. At this moment, he suddenly spoke out, "Old Wei, look carefully."　</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Wei Chen stared blankly again.</p>
    <p>"This guy is looking to give me trouble!" Sun Zheping unexpectedly smiled.</p>
    <p>"You guys….. What are you guys talking about? What did you see?" Chen Guo was puzzled.</p>
    <p>"A chance." Sun Zheping said.</p>
    <p>"What?"</p>
    <p>"A chance to win." Sun Zheping said.　　</p>
    <p>"He can win this round?" Chen Guo was wild with joy.</p>
    <p>"It's hard to say if he can win this round, but Sun Xiang will definitely go down." Sun Zheping said.</p>
    <p>"What do you mean?" Chen Guo didn't understand.　　</p>
    <p>"You just wait for the show to start!" Sun Zheping said as he continued to stare at the match.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo wanted to go crazy. She really hadn't noticed anything wrong. She looked to her left and right. Wei Chen and Sun ZHeping were watching the match intently. On the other side, she saw Tang Rou's puzzled look. She also didn't understand what Sun Zheping was talking about.</p>
    <p>The anxiety in Chen Guo's heart burned. Suddenly, she thought of a bright idea and took out her cellphone.</p>
    <p>This match was being broadcasted. She didn't understand, but the broadcast had a commentator and expert discussing the match. She wanted to see what their thoughts were.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo used her cellphone to listen to the broadcast, but it would have been better if she hadn't. As soon as she started to listen, her eyes were about to pop out. The commentators were saying that Ye Xiu was in an unfavorable position.　　</p>
    <p>Correct!　　</p>
    <p>Correct, unfavorable.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo could also see it. Lord Grim was losing health faster than One Autumn Leaf. His health already wasn't as high to begin with. If he was bleeding faster than his opponent, the disparity between One Autumn Leaf and Lord Grim would only widen.</p>
    <p>What's going on?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo really didn't understand. Neither Li Yibo nor Pan Lin could give a good answer either. From Sun Zheping and Wei Chen, she could only see them focused on the match.　</p>
    <p>"What's going on, senior? It looks like you're looking weak!" Sun Xiang suddenly said in the chat.</p>
    <p>"If this keeps up, how are you going to make me lose? I really don't understand." Sun Xiang continued.　　</p>
    <p>"I'm afraid that if this continues, you won't understand how you died!"</p>
    <p>"Could you be an NPC? When your health reaches 10%, you'll suddenly go berserk?" Sun Xiang chattered incessantly.</p>
    <p>"Today's Sun Xiang is really... uh, talkative..." Pan Lin sighed. Ye Xiu didn't respond though. There wasn't any conversation.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang seized the opportunity to talk trash: "Why aren't you talking? Is the pace too fast? There's no time for you to type?" After Sun Xiang taunted, he typed a bunch of emojis, showing that he had energy to spare.</p>
    <p>"It's about right." Ye XiuXIu suddenly replied and added a sunglasses emoji.</p>
    <p>"What?" Sun Xiang was still asking!</p>
    <p>"You said it! When my health reaches 10%, I'll go berserk. It's such a rare opportunity to meet. I can't leave you disappointed!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Is that so? I'm looking forward to it! But it looks like... your health has already reached 10%? Where is it?" Sun Xiang said. He even had One Autumn Leaf look left and right as if he were looking for the berserk.</p>
    <p>"I'm coming." Ye Xiu typed. Sun Xiang heard a sharp whistle from behind his character and hurriedly had his One Autumn Leaf dodge to the side. A shuriken flew past him.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was standing in front of him, but the shuriken had actually come from behind.</p>
    <p>Boomerang Shuriken?</p>
    <p>Boomerang Shuriken wasn't a skill name, but rather a technique. When using a Ninja's Shuriken, throw in a curve such that the shuriken would return like a boomerang.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang wasn't surprised that Ye Xiu could do it, but how come he hadn't noticed when he threw that shuriken?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang attached a lot of importance to this match. Even though he spoke a lot, he was very focused.</p>
    <p>Yet even so, he hadn't noticed when that Shuriken had been thrown. His brain quickly went over the previous exchange. There had just been one tiny moment when he turned away and Lord Grim disappeared from his view, yet Ye XIu had actually grasped that tiny opening?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was surprised, but just that alone wasn't enough to beat him.　</p>
    <p>If that was what a berserk entailed, Sun Xiang was afraid that he would laugh so hard his teeth would fly out.</p>
    <p>This obviously wasn't the berserk. After One Autumn Leaf dodged the shuriken, it started.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim stepped forward. His Myriad Manifestations Umbrella changed into a spear and slashed up with a Sky Strike.　</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang didn't dodge it. One Autumn Leaf's Evil Annihilation faced it with an attack to block it.</p>
    <p>But Lord Grim started to move the spear horizontally. The Sky Strike's trajectory was no longer a straight line, but a curve.　　</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang didn't fear this type of change. He had One Autumn Leaf chase after the Sky Strike, as if he wouldn't rest if the two spears didn't clash.</p>
    <p>Who would have thought that Lord Grim would have moved his spear back. Sky Strike once again went along its original trajectory as the Sky Strike continued.</p>
    <p>It was too late for Sun Xiang to make any adjustments. He hastily jumped backward. Sky Strike suddenly swayed in front of his eyes.</p>
    <p>Dragon Tooth!</p>
    <p>The umbrella shot at him like a viper.</p>
    <p>His spear's block was off and One Autumn Leaf was in midair. In that instant, Sun Xiang's mind went blank.</p>
    <p>He actually wasn't able to respond to such a simple attack. His hands felt his keyboard and mouse, unable to do anything. What's going on? How did this happen?</p>
  </body>
</html>
