<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1083: Excellent Era Hasn’t Fallen</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1083: Excellent Era Hasn’t Fallen</h1>
    <p>The series of transfers at the beginning of July were practically all related to Excellent Era. Now, everyone was thoroughly convinced that the rumors of Excellent Era being put on the market weren't baseless. Even One Autumn Leaf had been renounced, shredding the last sliver of hope for the Excellent Era fans. No matter how much they protested, it would not be able to change Excellent Era's decision.</p>
    <p>Who can save Excellent Era?</p>
    <p>Questions like this appeared in every corner of the Glory scene. Countless Excellent Era fans were signing a petition, but where were there hopes supposed to be sent to? Every Excellent Era was at a loss. They could only wait there foolishly.</p>
    <p>Then, all they saw were players leaving and characters being sold.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng, Sun Xiang, Xiao Shiqin, Zhang Xinjie…....</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain, One Autumn Leaf, Life Extinguisher...</p>
    <p>After that, Club Excellent Era's training center constantly had people conducting on-site inspections. For Excellent Era, this was their training center, but buildings didn't have life. With just a bit of renovation, this place could become an office, a shopping center, anything people needed.</p>
    <p>This portion of the sale seemed to be unrelated to Glory. The team emblem on the club's main entrance had been removed.</p>
    <p>Everything related to Glory was being erased. The only thing that had yet to change was Excellent Era's stadium. There were rather limited applications for this type of building. There wasn't much of a market for it, but with Excellent Era gone, the existence of this stadium was meaningless. Perhaps this stadium might turn into a place for sporting events, but the people would no longer be seeing their familiar team and their team's matches.</p>
    <p>What would Excellent Era's future be like? A better question might be: did Excellent Era still have a future? No one knew the answer, but what they did know was that things related to Excellent Era were disappearing bit by bit. Their players and characters were being transferred to other teams. Excellent Era's facilities were being renovated. In the game, Guild Excellent Dynasty members discovered that the resources in their guild storage were decreasing day by day. These were all the various materials that Guild Excellent Dynasty had accumulated after many years of work. It was the symbol of Excellent Era's prosperity. And now, these materials were disappearing to who knew where.</p>
    <p>The sale of these materials wouldn't be reported in too much detail. From these series of changes going on in Excellent Era, the media had determined that the end of Excellent Era was set in stone.</p>
    <p>At this point, Excellent Era's former opponents, even Tyranny's fans, were finally unable to continue mocking them. They wanted to see Excellent Era being beaten by them again and again and hoped to see Excellent Era tumble over and over, but they had never wished for Excellent Era to completely die.</p>
    <p>Without Excellent Era, there would be a lot less brilliance.</p>
    <p>A sigh of sorrow from a Tyranny fan voiced out the thoughts and feelings of many. But so what? Regret, grievance, sorrow, these emotions wouldn't be able to solve any problems.</p>
    <p>At Happy, their second floor renovation was completed and now being used.　</p>
    <p>The entire second floor had been divided into five sections: the practice room, strategy meeting room, research and development, Guild Happy, and the lobby. It was small, but complete 1  . All of the core departments necessary in a pro team fit into this small second floor. Of course, if they expanded, they would also need departments such as human resources, financial affairs, external affairs, and so on. But for the current stage that Happy was at, Boss Chen alone would need to burden herself with these matters.</p>
    <p>"What do you all think? Pretty nice, no?" Chen Guo excitedly led everyone around to take a look.</p>
    <p>"It totally feels like a secret base! It's like Robotech! Come on, don't deny it!" Steamed Bun said.</p>
    <p>Everyone laughed.</p>
    <p>"Research and development." Guan Rongfei stood outside the R&amp;D room and read the plate on the door. He grabbed the door handle and opened the door.</p>
    <p>"Right, this is where you..."</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo introduced the room, while getting ready to let everyone take a look at their R&amp;D department, but Guan Rongfei had already slammed the door closed, cutting off Chen Guo.　</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was stunned. Fortunately, she had been in touch with Guan Rongfei for awhile, so she had some understanding of him. After this guy got the data for the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, that was the only thing on his mind. Ye Xiu once asked if he could help him compile a practice routine, but this guy was unwilling to do it. It took a lot of effort to get him to agree.</p>
    <p>Once he started working, the materials that Happy had accumulated disappeared swiftly. Chen Guo wanted to die. Ye Xiu immediately reminded that guy: this isn't Excellent Era. You can't squander these materials. Please try to be conservative and put more time into solidifying your theories. Don't just immediately start experimenting as soon as a tiny sliver of an idea appears in your mind. After that, his consumption of materials stabilized, but the materials were still disappearing at a heartbreaking rate. This let her understand that to raise a capable research developer, money was secondary. Whether or not you could provide enough resources for that developer was the main issue.</p>
    <p>The department under the most pressure was Wu Chen's guild department. These past few days had been sleepless nights. Taking advantage of the enormous amounts of attention towards Happy recently, he was pulling in players to join the guild like crazy, rapidly strengthening the guild. With more guild members, there were more small matters to deal with. Wu Chen didn't have a helper right now, so he had to do everything himself. Chen Guo saw him working and felt bad. A professional team's guild definitely shouldn't managed by a single person, so she talked with Wu Chen and started picking helpers from the guild. Chen Guo also allocated 2 million for Wu Chen to use. Those managing the guild wouldn't be doing it just for love. They needed a contractual obligation to do it too.</p>
    <p>Seeing Guan Rongfei shut himself in the R&amp;D room, Wu Chen felt like he couldn't be slow either. He stepped in front of the door marked "Guild Happy" and asked: "I'm here, right?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah…" As soon as Chen Guo affirmed it, Wu Chen went inside. Chen Guo stood in the middle of the hallway, stunned. Everyone else was stunned too. But not long afterwards, those two came back.　　</p>
    <p>"No Internet?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah, people will be coming in the afternoon to hook up the wifi. Let's go along a different route." Chen Guo didn't know whether to laugh or cry. 　</p>
    <p>Guang Rongfei and Wu Chen were helpless. They could only follow along with the team again.</p>
    <p>"This area is our strategy room. Come come come. Let's all go in and take a look." Chen Guo led everyone into the strategy meeting room.</p>
    <p>The meeting room had a rather large window. The room itself was bright and clear. Right when they walked in, they suddenly heard a crash.</p>
    <p>"What happened?" Someone said in surprise. Following afterwards, everyone went to the window. The sound had come from outside.</p>
    <p>When they got to the window, everyone was silent.</p>
    <p>The noise had come from their neighbor across the street. Club Excellent Era's wall had been pushed over. This wasn't a riot. Excellent Era's facilities had clearly been sold already. It was probably the new owner renovating this piece of land.</p>
    <p>"Excellent Era... really has disbanded..." Chen Guo felt moved. Her Internet cafe had prospered thanks to Excellent Era. As the Internet cafe across street from Club Excellent Era, Excellent Era fans would naturally have an amicable feeling towards it and happily gathered here to play Glory.</p>
    <p>But after establishing Team Happy and challenging Excellent Era, the two had become enemies. Happy's business had been considerably impacted by that. In particular, many familiar faces stopped showing up at Happy. These people had almost been like friends to Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>And now, Happy was still here, but Excellent Era was gone. Where did those familiar faces go?</p>
    <p>When she finished thinking about all this, Excellent Era's wall had turned into a mess. Before anyone could say anything, an employee from the Internet cafe suddenly called out: "Where's the boss? Someone's looking for her."　　</p>
    <p>"Who's looking for me?" Chen Guo said as she walked out.</p>
    <p>"He says his surname is Xia. He's waiting downstairs." The employee said.</p>
    <p>"Surname Xia?" Chen Guo was surprised. She didn't remember having any friends surnamed Xia.</p>
    <p>"I'll go down." Chen Guo called out and then went downstairs with the employee. There were quite a few people standing outside Happy Internet Cafe, looking at the destroyed Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>"He's over there." The employee pointed at a figure. Chen Guo went over and was once again stunned. Surname Xia. It was actually Xia Zhongtian.</p>
    <p>"Xia... Hi, Mr. Xia." Chen Guo greeted.</p>
    <p>Xia Zhongtian turned his head and looked at Chen Guo. He nodded his head: "Hi."</p>
    <p>Chen Guo saw that there was a youth standing next to Xia Zhongtian….. Isn't he Excellent Era's Qiu Fei? Chen Guo had already realized something.</p>
    <p>"Come in. Let's go up and talk." Chen Guo was certain that he wasn't here just to say hello. He definitely had something to say. After telling them to go up, she told the employee: "Tell Ye Xiu to come over to the lobby."</p>
    <p>On the second floor, Ye Xiu was brought over by the employee. Right when he got to the lobby, he saw chen Guo sitting together with Xia Zhongtian and Qiu Fei. He was also surprised.</p>
    <p>"Senior." This time, Qiu Fei greeted first.　　</p>
    <p>"Hi!" Ye Xiu waved his hand and the four went into the lobby together.</p>
    <p>"I'll be taking over Excellent Era." Xiao Zhongtian clearly wasn't someone who liked to mince his words. He immediately went straight to the point.</p>
    <p>"Oh, that's great!" Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>"Congratulations." Chen Guo also said. She pointed outside the window: "What are you planning to do there?"</p>
    <p>"I'm only taking over Excellent Era. That stuff's not included." Xiao Zhongtian said.　　</p>
    <p>"Ah?" Chen Guo didn't understand.</p>
    <p>"Taking over Excellent Era is a personal matter. With my personal financial resources, I don't have the money to purchase Excellent Era's facilities. I can only guarantee that the name Excellent Era won't disappear." Xia Zhongtian said.</p>
    <p>"You've even got a player with a lot of potential!" Ye Xiu smiled at Qiu Fei.</p>
    <p>"Qiu Fei almost went to Tiny Herb. Fortunately, I had already talked to Excellent Era and convinced him to stay." Xia Zhongtian said.</p>
    <p>"Amazing." Ye Xiu said, "Both of you are amazing."</p>
    <p>"Praising us won't do. We'll definitely take revenge on Happy!" Xia Zhongtian said.</p>
    <p>"Hm?"</p>
    <p>"But this time, I'll have to thank you for your suggestion last time, but Excellent Era won't be owing Happy." Xia Zhongtian said. He took out a document from his briefcase and handed it over.　　</p>
    <p>"This is something I've helped you win over. It's a 1.4 million RMB sponsorship by Ch'ien Tea Green. The formalities have already been arranged. All you need to do is sign it." Xia Zhongtian said.</p>
    <p>"Arranged?" Ye xiu skimmed through it, "What if we don't want it?"</p>
    <p>Xiao Zhongtian's eyes jumped. Chen Guo hastily grabbed it from him: "He's just joking. We want it, we want it." She quickly signed it.</p>
    <p>"The contract is only for one year. Next year, whether it's renewed or not will depend on you." Xia Zhongtian said.</p>
    <p>"Us? Don't you mean you?" Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>"Me? I'm no longer a part of Ch'ien Tea Green. I'm going to lead Excellent Era and beat your Happy!" Xia Zhongtian said.　　</p>
    <p>"You'll be playing on stage?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>Xiao Zhongtian's eyes jumped again. Unfortunately, he couldn't personally take revenge on Happy. He had been destroyed ten times by Ye Xiu in just five minutes.　　</p>
    <p>"Senior, next time, let's meet on stage." Seeing that they were going to be leaving, Qiu Fei called out to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"I'll see you onstage." Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>"I'll be going." Xia Zhongtian was already at the door.</p>
    <p>"You're going to be leaving already? As a newbie, don't you want to learn from Happy's newly renovated center?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Xiao Zhongtian glanced at the tiny second floor layout. After a long time, he squeezed out "Not bad" and then left.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era hasn't fallen.</p>
  </body>
</html>
