<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1069: Xia Zhongtian</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1069: Xia Zhongtian</h1>
    <p>Ten turned to eleven. Eleven turned to twelve.</p>
    <p>The entire morning passed, and there were still no signs of Xia Zhongtian. Meanwhile, his secretary appeared before Ye Xiu and Chen Guo for the fourth time already, telling them awkwardly: "It's already noon. Mr. Zhong told you two to come by again in the afternoon."</p>
    <p>"Oh? The afternoon? What time in the afternoon?" Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>"We have a meeting in the afternoon." The secretary replied deftly. She did not say when Xia Zhongtian would meet with them. She only said that there would be a meeting in the afternoon.</p>
    <p>"Miss Wang, sorry to trouble you." Chen Guo smiled at the secretary, who was putting on a fake smile. Chen Guo had started managing the Internet cafe in her teens. The industry that she fought in wasn't very high-end, but she had at least experienced many things. After hearing about the history behind Ch'ien Tea Green's sponsorship for Excellent Era from Ye Xiu and seeing that the other side wasn't sincere at all, calling him over was mostly likely just to play with them.</p>
    <p>"Then please make yourselves at home." The secretary smiled apologetically and left first. Chen Guo looked at Ye Xiu and sighed. The two got up.</p>
    <p>As they left, they walked past the external affair offices. Secretary Wang's office was just outside the door. She heard a phone call, entered the room, and when she went out of the room, she saw the two of them. She gave a smile and nodded her head.</p>
    <p>"Miss Wang, do you know what Xia Zhongtian was busy with this morning?" Ye Xiu suddenly asked.　</p>
    <p>Secretary Wang was surprised by the question, but she quickly put on a professional smile: "I'm afraid that it's not convenient to say."</p>
    <p>"Haha, he's just playing Glory. What's not convenient?" Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>Secretary Wang was stunned. It was obvious that Ye Xiu was correct. Chen Guo had originally been pondering over whether they should come back in the afternoon. Maybe Xia Zhongtian really had been busy and was testing their sincerity? But now it looked like that guy was actually playing Glory the entire morning, intentionally having them wait there. She immediately became angry. If he didn't want to sponsor them, it would only take a few words to tell them. Instead, he felt the need to bully them. What's up with that? Chen Guo stepped forward. Accompanied by a shout from Secretary Wang "What are you doing?", she arrived at Xia Zhongtian's office and pushed the door open.</p>
    <p>"What is it now?" Xiao Zhongtian was sitting behind his desk. The monitor on his desk was at least 42 inches. His head was buried behind it. He couldn't be seen at all. When he heard the door open, he didn't even peak his head out to look. He simply asked a question.</p>
    <p>"I'm Team Happy's boss." Chen Guo huffed.</p>
    <p>"Didn't I tell you to come again in the afternoon? I'm busy here!" Xia Zhongtian didn't even tilt his head.</p>
    <p>"Busy with what? You're almost dead." Ye Xiu also walked in with Chen Guo and suddenly spoke up.　　</p>
    <p>"Sorry, Xiaozhong. I'll lead them out immediately." Secretary Wang chased after them in a panic and apologized to Xia Zhongtian first.</p>
    <p>Xia Zhongtian didn't utter a word. The sounds of keyboard taps and mouse clicking intensified, but soon afterwards, the noise suddenly came to a halt.</p>
    <p>"It's fine. You can go. This has nothing to do with you." Xia Zhongtian suddenly said. The secretary, who was urging Chen Guo and Ye Xiu to get out, was surprised. She quietly left the room and closed the door.</p>
    <p>Xia Zhongtian's head finally peaked out from the monitor. He glanced at the two of them. Arrogance hung on his face: "Hey, if it isn't Ye Qiu. Wait, no, God Ye Xiu! What a rare guest!"　　</p>
    <p>Xia Zhongtian held a long face and spoke in a weird tone of voice. It was as if he was trying hard to put on a mocking look. Chen Guo looked at this young person. He was like her back then. He was a big Glory fan and a big Excellent Era fan. He took advantage of his business to sponsor Excellent Era. Even though he was a bit capricious, his love and passion for Glory and Excellent Era easily showed.</p>
    <p>This type of person probably wasn't a bad person.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't know why, but that was what she felt. Even after Xia Zhongtian made them wait the entire morning and despite his disrespectful attitude, Chen Guo realized that she really couldn't feel disgusted towards him.　</p>
    <p>"You want a sponsor? One word, no. You can go." There was no point toying around with Happy any longer, so he directly expressed his position.</p>
    <p>"Don't be like that, Mr. Xia. It wasn't easy for us to make this trip here. We've waited for so long. Why not at least hear us out?" Chen Guo suddenly said.</p>
    <p>This reply surprised Ye Xiu. He had thought that with Chen Guo's personality, she would definitely start arguing furiously with Xia Zhongtian. However, instead, she displayed this kind of attitude. She still wasn't giving up and still wanted to fight for a sponsor? Xia Zhongtian wasn't a normal Excellent Era fan. As someone who grew up in City H, apart from the normal dedication of a fan, he also had pride for his region. His support for Excellent Era was entirely for this team alone and would never change. He was undoubtedly an extremely loyal Excellent Era fan. Even until today, he detested Ye Xiu and hated Happy. Getting him to change his mind and support Happy would be extremely difficult. Even though Chen Guo was brave and did what she said she would do, Ye Xiu also knew that persuasion wasn't her strong point.</p>
    <p>"Alright, go ahead! In any case, my decision isn't going to change. You can waste your time." Xia Zhongtian said expressionlessly. Then, his two hands started to move again. His actions clearly expressed: you can say yours, I'll play mine. No matter what you say, my final answer will be: no.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn't seem to care and started speaking: "Then I'll be speaking. Um, let me first tell you about our Happy Internet Cafe's history! Our Happy Internet Cafe..."</p>
    <p>Chen Guo really did start talking. After a few words, Ye Xiu laughed inwardly. This Chen Guo was great. She didn't have any intentions of persuading the other side. Happy Internet Cafe's history? Was there a need? Not at all! Happy Internet Cafe's history would have absolutely no impact on the other side's decision towards Team Happy. Almost half an hour had passed since she started talking, and Chen Guo was at Happy Internet Cafe's third year, when she was six!</p>
    <p>Boss Chen wasn't at the level where her words were sharp enough to leave the other side speechless, but her ability to tell a long-winded story wasn't weak. It wasn't easy for someone to remember all those small details so clearly and then say it to Xia Zhongtian in a serious tone.</p>
    <p>Was this requesting a sponsorship?</p>
    <p>Of course not!</p>
    <p>This was entirely to annoy Xia Zhongtian. Using rambling to waste Xiao Zongtinan's time as revenge for making her and Ye Xiu wait the entire morning.</p>
    <p>This method was kind of stupid. She was harming herself, wasting her own voice. But did it cause any real damage to the other side?</p>
    <p>It did...</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu knew very clearly. He could easily tell by listening. He didn't even need to look. During this half hour, Xia Zhongtian was still playing Glory, most likely PKing in the Arena. However, his playing was a mess. For someone who loved Glory for so many years, even if he wasn't at a pro level, he should at least be somewhat skilled. His movements should at least have some sort of rhythm and strategy to them. However Xia Zhongtian didn't have any at all. It was a complete mess. It was as if he didn't know what he was doing at all. He clearly wasn't focused because of a certain person rambling nonsense the entire time. 　　</p>
    <p>He obviously didn't want to hear it, but when her voice drilled into his ears, his brain couldn't help but listen to the contents. Once he started listening, his attention became split, messing up his playing. He played match after match. During these past thirty minutes, Xia Zhongtian played at a speed of one match every three minutes and lost every single one of them. He gave an irritated and furious glare at Chen Guo, but he didn't say anything to stop her. It seemed like he was planning on competing with Chen Guo. As a result, he pulled out his ace and turned up the sound.</p>
    <p>This ace was too powerful for Chen Guo. She couldn't do anything about it and stopped talking.</p>
    <p>Xia Zhongtian was delighted. In reality, his earphones didn't have sound. This was his office, after all. Even though he was the manager, he couldn't play games too openly. Even if it was just for a few minutes, he had to turn down the sound. He needed to listen for any matters that he needed to deal with even during break time. As a result, when Xia Zhongtian played Glory in his office, he never played with sound. Because of this, he dared to play games during work time. It never hindered his work, so no one could say anything about it. Of course, Ch'ien Tea Green was his Xia family's business. This point alone was more important than his work not being hindered by him playing games.</p>
    <p>Putting on these headphones was enough for this woman to shut up. Xia Zhongtian felt a feeling of victory from his trick succeeding. As for Chen Guo, after being hit by this blow, she felt a bit dispirited. She looked around and discovered that Ye Xiu had left the room already. Chen Guo immediately got up. Xia Zhongtian saw that she was about to leave and pretended not to see as if she were just air. Chen Guo only just opened the door when she saw that Ye Xiu was right outside the door playing Glory at Secretary Wang's desk.</p>
    <p>"You!" Chen Guo felt helpless, "Where is she?"</p>
    <p>"She went out for lunch! I asked her if I could use her computer to play some Glory. She said I could." Ye Xiu. The boss liked the game so much, so the secretary couldn't help but follow along. It wasn't just her. Everyone in the external affairs office followed along. If you looked around, you would see Glory card readers at every desk.</p>
    <p>"We're done here, let's go!" Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong? You ran out of things to say?" Ye Xiu asked with a grin.</p>
    <p>"That guy's put on his headphones." Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"It looks like it's my time to shine!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What do you mean?" Chen Guo was startled. When she looked at Ye Xiu's screen, his character had squeezed into the Arena. He was only spectating though. At this moment, an open spot appeared, and Ye Xiu quickly took it.</p>
    <p>"Who's this guy?" Chen Guo pointed at Ye Xiu's opponent on the screen.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu pointed inside the room.</p>
    <p>"That's... that's too evil!!" Chen Guo cried out. At the same time, she started thinking. Were those two here to get a sponsor or were these two here to bully each other?</p>
  </body>
</html>
