<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1515 - An Unbelievable Collapse</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1515 - An Unbelievable Collapse</h1>
    <p>What happened?</p>
    <p>Everyone was stunned. Countless people in the crowd stood up, looking around in a panic.</p>
    <p>Dust and smoke was scattered all around the stage. The lifelike projections caused many people to misunderstand what had happened. They thought that the actual competition stage had collapsed. It wasn’t until the stadium broadcasted an explanation repeatedly that the panicked crowd came to a realization. When they looked carefully at the stage again, they saw that the stage was intact. What wasn’t intact were the scenes of the match displayed by the projection.</p>
    <p>That beautiful fairy-tale like forest had been struck by an apocalypse.</p>
    <p>Everything was destroyed. The buildings and walkways built on top of the trees lost their support and collapsed to the ground.</p>
    <p>In the group arena, the audience had witnessed the inside of a manor being completely wrecked. However, in comparison to this scene, the level of shock was similar to the difference between an explosion from a grenade and an atomic bomb.</p>
    <p>What happened?</p>
    <p>Everyone was obviously curious, but soon afterwards, the people with better eyesight could see a figure moving inside this apocalyptic scene.</p>
    <p>Who was it?</p>
    <p>They couldn’t see the figure clearly. Luckily, the camera zoomed in figure and displayed it on the big screen for everyone to see.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was still moving. What else? Flames, the other end had flames! The camera focused on a different area. Dancing Rain, it was Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain. Her surroundings were collapsing, but she stood there firmly, firing her gun.</p>
    <p>Firing where?</p>
    <p>The camera followed the path of her artillery shells and quickly found Tyranny’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. He wasn’t nearly as calm as Dancing Rain. He looked like he had come out from a disaster movie, bitterly seeking to survive. The artillery shells from Dancing Rain landed on him. Zhang Jiale hadn’t noticed the attack. He didn’t have the energy to.</p>
    <p>Happy was still attacking!</p>
    <p>A Satellite Beam descended from the sky, sweeping over Tyranny.</p>
    <p>What else?</p>
    <p>Concealed Light!</p>
    <p>The audience found Concealed Light. He was the same as Dancing Rain. The collapsing surroundings simply served as a backdrop. It was as if he didn’t even see it. He calmly waved his staff, placing two symbols on the ground, controlling his summons.</p>
    <p>Thunder Eagle!</p>
    <p>Young Wyvern!</p>
    <p>Summons with flight had a huge advantage in these situations. These two summons followed Luo Ji’s commands, unobstructed by the terrain. Their attacks… weren’t towards Tyranny. The fireballs and thunderbolts swept through the forest, exacerbating the collapse.</p>
    <p>Could this apocalyptic scene have been created by this rookie, Luo Ji?</p>
    <p>After realizing this point, everyone thought of the word, strategy.</p>
    <p>Had all of this been a part of Happy’s strategy?</p>
    <p>They couldn’t help but examine the outcome of this strategy. How should they examine it? By looking at the health on Tyranny’s characters!</p>
    <p>A devastating sight.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s situation was too horrible to describe.</p>
    <p>Tyranny originally held the advantage in health, but with one move, the sky and earth had reversed. All five characters on Tyranny had experienced a massive drop in health. What’s worse, it hadn’t ended yet, because Happy was still attacking them amidst this chaos. Happy’s assault was with rhythm and thought. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain led the way. Then, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim, Tang Rou’s Soft Mist, and the summons from Luo Ji’s Concealed Light joined in.</p>
    <p>As for Tyranny?</p>
    <p>Everyone was the same as Zhang Jiale. They had no way of making any decisions in this chaos. Even if they were old generals, none of them had ever experienced the the entire team trapped in a collapsing forest. They couldn’t make any contact with each other. Everyone was trapped in their own predicament. They tried to grasp their opponent’s attacks and counterattack, but the outcome was unsatisfactory. Happy held the initiative, utilizing this unbelievable collapse to thoroughly crush Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Who died first didn’t matter. The names of Tyranny’s five characters turned gray one after the other. They had a sixth player, but did it matter? Happy had five and not a single one missing!</p>
    <p>“Li… Coach Li…” When Pan Lin saw the fourth name on Tyranny turn gray, he came back to his senses. He and Li Yibo had been completely dumbstruck during this period of time, not uttering a single sound. No one in the broadcast team reminded them. Everyone was staring blankly at the scene in front of them.</p>
    <p>“Ah… this… this…” Li Yibo regained his composure, but apart from saying “this”, he didn’t know what else to say.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s sixth player, Bai Yanfei’s Elementalist Rota, had entered the match, rushing towards the battlefield without any second thoughts. No matter the situation, Tyranny’s young heroes wouldn’t back down. But everyone knew that there was nothing he could do. Not even a miracle could save Tyranny at this point.</p>
    <p>The match was over. What they needed to do was review this final astonishing scene.</p>
    <p>What had happened?</p>
    <p>Even though Pan Lin had called for Li Yibo, he ultimately didn’t ask this question. He knew that, let alone Li Yibo, no one in entire world had ever witnessed such a wide-scale collapse in a Glory competition before.</p>
    <p>“This… I feel like… Happy had intentionally set it up?” Li Yibo guessed. Even though he didn’t dare believe that it was possible to set up such a frightening scene, seeing how Happy came out of it safe and sound, and then calmly and efficiently wiped out Tyranny, it could be seen that all of this was planned.</p>
    <p>“How did they do it?” Pan Lin asked. In the end, he finally asked this question. Those were the only words going through his head right now. Apart from these words, he couldn’t think of anything else.</p>
    <p>How did they do it?</p>
    <p>Li Yibo laughed dryly. How could he know! But when he turned to look, he suddenly focused on a single character, Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji, Concealed Light…</p>
    <p>Concealed Light had joined the battle 13 minutes and 32 seconds after it had begun. What had he been doing before then?</p>
    <p>Li Yibo realized something and hastily had the director find a replay from Concealed Light’s perspective.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji, it really was Luo Ji!</p>
    <p>He hadn’t joined the battle until 13 minutes and 32 seconds later. Apart from hiding together with his teammates at first, Concealed Light had been busy in this forest area the entire time. This calamity had been brought about by him.</p>
    <p>“It’s Luo Ji…” Li Yibo said. This time, the broadcast displayed a replay of what Luo Ji’s Concealed Light had been busy doing at the beginning. “But don’t ask me how he did it. I don’t know either…”</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was just one person. But he was a Summoner, so he could summon many servants to do his bidding. The scene shown in front of everyone seemed to be a busy construction site. All sorts of summons were fiercely attacking the surroundings under the Concealed Light’s orders.</p>
    <p>“This… is he breaking apart all the parts supporting the buildings?” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“He broke them all? It’s clear that he needs to be able to time when the place collapses,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“This…” Pan Lin wanted to how he did that, but this time, Li Yibo had been prepared. He had preemptively said “Don’t ask me, I don’t know.” In the end, Pan Lin’s “How did he do it?” became a sigh, because this could probably be answered by no one but Luo Ji himself.</p>
    <p>“I really want to go to the post-match press conference now,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>This question would definitely be the highlight of the post-match press conference. The brilliance of the group arena and the other parts of the team competition had probably been forgotten by now. Everyone’s attention was on this question…</p>
    <p>The match officially ended, and Happy won the team competition with a five point lead. When Bai Yanfei’s Rota died, the surroundings hadn’t entirely collapsed yet. There were a few places that were still shuddering. Apart from the astonishment at the turn of events, everyone was also in praise of Glory’s in-game mechanics.</p>
    <p>It was over. Happy had won. For Happy’s fans, this was naturally something to be excited about. The Tyranny fans were silent. How could they be happy about such a defeat?</p>
    <p>The two teams lined up on stage. After the six players on Tyranny came out from the player booths, they raised their heads to look at the big screen in the stadium because the highlights of the match would always be played during this time. How could they have forgotten about what had just happened? They needed to know the answer!</p>
    <p>At the end, when the two teams lined up, the six players on Tyranny were all looking at Luo Ji, who was standing at the end. Ye Xiu? Su Mucheng? Fang Rui? No matter how big of a star, at this moment, they were nothing but air.</p>
    <p>Finally, Ye Xiu let out a laugh, taking the initiative to shake Han Wenqing’s hand.</p>
    <p>“You were probably scared out of your mind, no?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Even you couldn’t have done that,” Han Wenqing said.</p>
    <p>“Haha,” Ye Xiu laughed and didn’t explain. He shook Zhang Xinjie’s hand and asked: “You couldn’t figure it out either, right?”</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie shook his head in honesty. Yes, even he only knew that Luo Ji had been the cause for everything. He didn’t know how he did it, and if someone asked him to do it, he wouldn’t have been able to do it either.</p>
    <p>“Sorry for your loss,” Ye Xiu shook Zhang Jiale’s hands.</p>
    <p>“Sorry for your loss, my ass,” Zhang Jiale cursed.</p>
    <p>“What kind of people are your team members?” When it was his turn, Lin Jingyan spoke up first.</p>
  </body>
</html>
