<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1405 - Search</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1405 - Search</h1>
    <p>Li Yuan…</p>
    <p>Happy looked at Blue Rain’s next player. He wasn’t a particularly talented player, yet he was a player no team could lack. Talented players also needed accompanying leaves to serve as contrast for them. No team consisted of only Gods. There were only so many Gods!</p>
    <p>Li Yuan wasn’t a God, but anyone who could be a part of a powerhouse like Team Blue Rain certainly had to have the skill to back it up. To be allowed to participate on such an important stage, how could he be underestimated?</p>
    <p>Li Yuan. Summoner, Eight Notes.</p>
    <p>Three of Blue Rain’s players had been eliminated. By now, Blue Rain had a fairly good understanding of this originally unfamiliar map. Li Yuan did the same as his three previous teammates and had his Eight Notes boldly take the central path.</p>
    <p>This time, Mo Fan unexpectedly did not have Deception take a roundabout route, instead choosing the central path as well.</p>
    <p>“Is he planning on a direct confrontation?” Pan Lin said in surprise.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s patience and caution had left a deep impression on everyone. Even when his opponent only had 10% of his health left, he still stuck with his usual strategy of searching for an opportunity to make a sneak attack. His scrap picking habit of always prioritizing his safety first was truly suitable for the group arena!</p>
    <p>So why did he suddenly want a direct confrontation?</p>
    <p>Pan Lin wondered as the two characters quickly came into each other’s view.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan’s Eight Notes immediately stopped and started summoning creatures. As for Mo Fan’s Deception? With a sudden stride to the side, he scurried into a bush and disappeared…</p>
    <p>He still intended on launching a sneak attack. Everyone let out a sigh of relief. They weren’t used to seeing Mo Fan’s character charge forward fiercely. Hiding was more like it.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan noticed that Deception had hidden himself, but he didn’t care. He was a Summoner. He wasn’t too afraid of an ambush. He continued to summon creatures, soon letting the viewers know his playstyle.</p>
    <p>Spirit Style!</p>
    <p>Creating an enormous army was easy for Spirit Style summoners. Little Spirits could be stacked up to a total of eight for each element. Every two same element Little Spirits could merge to form a Big Spirit. Four Big Spirits of different elements could merge to form a Spirit King.</p>
    <p>A maxed out Spirit army could have a total of eight Little Spirits, four Big Spirits, and a Spirit King. Compared to the four beasts of the Four Sacred Beasts, the number of summons was far greater.</p>
    <p>But because the higher staged spirits required lower stage spirits to be formed, finding a balance between them was the difficult part. Let’s say a Spirit King was suddenly killed in a battle. To make it up, two more Big Spirits were needed. To make these two Big Spirits, the Little Spirits needed to be merged. Performing these many spells to merge them together wasn’t easy to do quickly. As a result, for the Spirit Style, replenishing one’s summons was crucial. Waiting for one’s Spirits to be killed before summoning more wouldn’t work. And because of the complications involved in maintaining a Spirit army, Spirit summons had a fairly long durations. Little Spirits could stay on the field for a minute, Big Spirits two minutes, and Spirit Kings four minutes.</p>
    <p>Four minutes was a long time. In 1v1s, Ye Xiu and the others on Happy could crush noobs in tens of seconds.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan didn’t panic. When he saw that Deception had gone into hiding, he sent out a Little Fire Spirit to chase after him, while Eight Notes continued to summon. Other classes needed to worry about not being ambushed when pursuing their opponent, but Spirit Style Summoners had plenty of Spirits to protect them, so there was nothing to fear.</p>
    <p>The Little Fire Spirit looked like a small fireball. Not long after it reached the grass, the grass began to wilt because of the heat. The Little Fire Spirit had a bit of burning power, but when a Big Fire Spirit came over, it was like moving lava. The brushes started to smolder and smoke spread through the air.</p>
    <p>By now, Li Yuan’s Eight Notes had summoned four Big Spirits, six Little Spirits, a grand crowd. He boldly stepped into the previous area to the side of the central road that Song Xiao, Lu Hanwen, and Huang Shaotian had avoided due to their unfamiliarity with the map.</p>
    <p>“Where’d you go?” With the Spirits protecting him, Li Yuan appeared completely calm and had time to type. Even though he didn’t talk non-stop like Huang Shaotian, he was clearly the type who liked to say a few words when there was time to.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan could even ignore Huang Shaotian’s map attacks. How could he be bothered by Li Yuan’s simple words?</p>
    <p>For a moment, Li Yuan wasn’t able to find Deception. He found a spot and planted a Devil World Flower. Because Devil World Flowers were rooted to a location, they weren’t suited as the core of a style, but no Summoner style would let go of such a powerful summon.</p>
    <p>For example, the Devil World Flower didn’t rely on sight or sound to search for a target. It would automatically detect any target within its range and attack the target with its vines.</p>
    <p>But when the Devil World Flower was planted, there were no movements from it, meaning this surrounding area was safe.</p>
    <p>“You ran quite far away!” Li Yuan muttered again. Eight Notes immediately waved his wand, sending out a command with each wave. The summons started spreading out to search the surroundings. All of the summons were set to auto-attack. As soon as a target was discovered, the summon would automatically attack and Li Yuan would immediately know.</p>
    <p>“Playing hide-and-seek with a Summoner isn’t a good idea!” Pan Lin said. The spectators had an omniscient view, so they obviously knew of Deception’s current location. The previous Devil World Flower had worried them. Fortunately, Deception had moved away. However, now that Eight Notes had started conducting a wide area search, Deception’s constant movements to escape Li Yuan’ s notice gave them even more anxiety.</p>
    <p>“He’s up against a Spirit Style Summoner, after all!” Li Yibo sighed. Eight Notes had maxed out his Big Spirits. He now had four Big Spirits and eight Little Spirits searching the area. As soon as a fight broke out, a Spirit King would inevitably be summoned. The Spirit King was the most powerful Spirit and could use the skills Elemental Cut, an Elemental Split, and an Elemental Explosion, each skill stronger than the other.</p>
    <p>“Perhaps finding a way to escape would be the wisest decision,” Pan Lin thought.</p>
    <p>But Mo Fan clearly thought differently. He had Deception stay there and play hide-and-seek with the summoned spirits.</p>
    <p>Happy’s fans were on their edge of their seats for Mo Fan, while the neutral spectators and Blue Rain’s fans felt like this time, Blue Rain had this match in the bag. Mo Fan’s sneaky playstyle had met his nemesis!</p>
    <p>But after watching for a bit, they noticed that something wasn’t quite right.</p>
    <p>Again and again, just when it looked like the spirits would find him, Mo Fan would immediately have Deception evade them.</p>
    <p>“Wow… how incredible!” Pan Lin stuttered. Mo Fan’s ability had once again exceeded his expectations.</p>
    <p>“Yes, this is the skill trained from scrap picking.” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>Anyone who had experienced with Glory immediately thought of a scene: in a dusty battlefield covered in countless blade and bullet marks, a cold ninja nimbly wandered through the battlefield, carefully dodging any attacks and avoiding attention. Afterwards, he filled his bag with all sorts of precious equipment and materials until it was full before disappearing into the fringes of the battle…</p>
    <p>Compared to that environment, twenty enemy spirits was nothing!</p>
    <p>The viewers sighed. As for Li Yuan? His spirits still hadn’t uncovered Deception. He was starting to lose his patience.</p>
    <p>While the spirits were searching, he wasn’t staying idle. Eight Notes stood within the Devil World Flower’s protection range, while he carefully observed his surroundings. His spirits weren’t wandering around aimlessly. They were moving towards his dead angles according to the terrain. Even so, Deception was still nowhere to be found. Could he have already run far away?</p>
    <p>It was hard not to be suspicious. In reality, the spectators with an omniscient view all knew that Deception had uncovered himself before. Unfortunately, Li Yuan couldn’t see 360 degrees, otherwise he would have noticed Deception not just once or twice.</p>
    <p>Unable to find Deception in any direction, Li Yuan wasn’t sure what to do. His search had lost focus. He couldn’t just keep spreading out his search forever, could he?</p>
    <p>Li Xuan carefully observed in a circle. After reflecting on his search plan, he felt like there weren’t any holes, so he had his spirits increase the radius of the search area another step.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>Everyone saw this scene and shouted in their hearts.</p>
    <p>Deception hadn’t run far! And by increasing his search radius, Deception was now inside the circle, giving Mo Fan an opportunity. Had he insisted on staying, anticipating this sort of opportunity would appear?</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Deception started approaching. However, Eight Notes still had a troublesome Devil World Flower. Li Xuan was still a pro player. He wasn’t so naive as to wait for his Devil World Flower to disappear before planting another one.</p>
    <p>As a result, Mo Fan didn’t keep waiting. He watched as the spirits spread out further, and after seeing Li Yuan summon another Devil World Flower to replace his current one, he rushed out.</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>Devil World Flower’s vines suddenly climbed out of the ground towards Deception. Mo Fan had predicted this move. The Ninja’s biggest advantage was that he could form his seals while moving or while in any position.</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu – Explosive Flame Dragon!</p>
    <p>Another Ninja Level 75 skill. After forming the seals, Deception held up his two fingers and formed a triangle, putting it in front of his mouth. A light purple flame flew out from his mouth. As soon as it touched the air, it immediately started exploding wildly creating a chain of flames towards the Devil World Flower.</p>
    <p>Fire attacks dealt additional damage to Devil World Flowers. With just this one move, the Devil World Flower turned pitch-black. The extending vine instantly turned lifeless and dispersed into ash.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Li Yuan’s Eight Notes had lost his only protection.</p>
  </body>
</html>
