<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1286: The Scoundrel Healer</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1286: The Scoundrel Healer</h1>
    <p>Level 60 100-person dungeon, solo healer.</p>
    <p>The one who proposed this ludicrous idea at the entrance of the dungeon was Happy's healer, An Wenyi. One could only imagine the extreme chaos that such a situation would force upon the healer, but An Wenyi wanted to use exactly this type of environment to improve his own reactions.</p>
    <p>The only problem was that this idea was quite ridiculous. In Glory, there had never before been the idea of solo healer for a 100-person dungeon, even if everyone was at Level 75 now, and this was only a Level 60 dungeon. There was a level advantage, but that didn't mean that players could easily crush a 100-person dungeon. If that were the case, healers wouldn't even be needed.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi found a wild raid group. With his current identity as one of Happy's pro players, he could directly go to Happy's guild dungeon groups to practice, but those groups would definitely coordinate with him and care for him unconsciously. The teamwork of a stable team would lower the pressure on the healer. What An Wenyi needed was the most chaotic and insanity-inducing environment possible, and a wild dungeoning group formed right outside the entrance of the dungeon fit his needs exactly.</p>
    <p>"Solo healer…" Even though this Knight was forming a wild raid group, he had a few companions. He didn't speak for a while, probably to discuss this issue with them.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi quietly waited to the side. If this team rejected him, he could only search for other groups. Today was only Monday, the dungeons had just refreshed for the week, so large crowds of people gathered to dungeon. Only a minority of these players had set groups. Most players just casually threw together a team and dungeoned where they could. In such a setting, it shouldn't be too hard for An Wenyi to fulfill his desire of solo healing. After all, like any online game, in activities like dungeoning, healers were always a scarce resource. And of the 24 glory classes, healers made up only 8% of the player base, but for a 100-person dungeon, more than 8% of the spots typically needed to be healers, which only worsened the scarcity.</p>
    <p>The group deliberated for a while. Finally, they probably looked at the people they'd already gathered and the applicants to the team. There were piles and piles of the various classes, but the number of Clerics and Paladins was so low it was pathetic. Whenever any were discovered, if you were too slow by a heartbeat, they would have already joined another group.</p>
    <p>"How about… we give it a shot?" The players were tempted, and An Wenyi's Cleric was pulled into their group.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi let out a long breath.</p>
    <p>Level 60 100-person dungeon, solo healer. He'd never done it before, but he wasn't going in without any preparation. Why would he choose this dungeon to do this sort of thing? This decision had been made through calculations. The person who gave him this answer was Luo Ji, that person who could write countless Idiot's Guides just from watching dungeoning videos. He'd been a great help to An Wenyi for his. After calculating the damage in the Level 60 100-person dungeons and the healing power of the Cleric character An Wenyi would use, as well as all of the various situations that were likely to occur in these dungeons, he concluded that it was theoretically possible for a solo healer to sustain a raid group for a Level 60 100-person dungeon.</p>
    <p>The raid group was quickly assembled. After they stopped considering healers, adding people was an extremely fast thing. But very quickly, players in the group also realized the fact that, in the entire group there was only one healer.</p>
    <p>"Solo healer?" After one person asked and received an answer, everyone was in an uproar.</p>
    <p>"Is he a dumbass? Does he even know how to play?" Immediately, many players immediately quit the raid group.</p>
    <p>"For a Level 60 dungeon, solo healer is enough, max efficiency!" The team leader used An Wenyi's earlier words. But still, many players who thought this was impossible left. Of those that were left, some were shocked and some were curious, and then new players were added, some discovered the solo healer and quit in a rage, more were added, repeat the struggle, until finally, a muddled raid group was pulled together.</p>
    <p>Solo healer!</p>
    <p>Everyone was searching for that one healer in their group, wanting to see what kind of character it was.</p>
    <p>At this time, An Wenyi couldn't help but feel a little nervous, too. He didn't come here wanting to screw everyone over. Solo healer… he had to pull it off.</p>
    <p>"Enter!" the team leader ordered. The team entered the dungeon, and An Wenyi's crazy training began…</p>
    <p>Wiped out.</p>
    <p>Ultimately, the 100-person raid group fell to the very first boss of Lost Fleet.</p>
    <p>"What solo healer you fucker!!!" At least 50% of the entire group immediately started berating him mercilessly.</p>
    <p>They were Level 75, challenging a Level 60 dungeon. Even if it was a wild group as long as they were supported by a normal proportion of healers, they should at least make it past the first boss without wiping out.</p>
    <p>The self-proclaimed solo healer was thrown into a mess right after meeting the first wave of monsters, and at that time the leader was already feeling a shadow over his heart. Wild dungeoning groups were chaotic, mismatched in both awareness and cooperation, and they needed healers to frequently stabilize the situation.</p>
    <p>And so they progressed, chickens flying and dogs jumping, and whether in the chat or in voice, the most frequent content was cries for healing: heal heal heal heal heal.</p>
    <p>People were dying nonstop, ending their dungeon adventure, and by the time they reached the first boss, over 30 people had already died. The remaining 60 or so ultimately fell to this boss.</p>
    <p>...</p>
    <p>As soon as the wounded leader was sent out of the dungeon, he immediately tried to find and harass An Wenyi. That guy, he came here purely just to screw people over, right? Had the leader accidentally made an enemy of someone, who came to take revenge with an alt account? The team leader stewed in anger, but he didn't think that anyone had such a large grudge against him that they would go to all this effort to destroy a wild team that he'd casually pulled together. But when he took a circle all around the entrance of the dungeon, there was already no trace of that Cleric.</p>
    <p>"Fuck, don't let me see you again!" the leader spat bitterly.</p>
    <p>"It really is very difficult…" An Wenyi, who had already quickly escaped from the Lost Fleet dungeon, summarized this failure of a dungeon adventure. He'd been prepared for the chaos of a wild group, but the reality had still been far worse than his expectations.</p>
    <p>But even though it'd turned out like this, An Wenyi had no thought of giving up. If he'd been able to do this right from the start, then would he even need this training in the first place? He'd already made all the preparations, including a drawer of Level 75 Cleric accounts.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi did have a lot of experience in-game. He knew that this kind of scoundrel Cleric repeatedly doing this scoundrel thing would very quickly show up in the global channel, and so he'd already prepared to switch to alts.</p>
    <p>However… always searching for a solo healer team, this action also seemed too conspicuous. Even switching accounts wouldn't be enough to hide it! An Wenyi was very thorough when considering problems, and he'd thought of this from the start, and so the new Cleric account he switched to was on the fourth server.</p>
    <p>The ordinary servers had the same content as the Heavenly Domain, and their 100-person dungeons weren't lacking at all. An Wenyi had prepared these Cleric accounts specially for the ordinary servers, and so he began to wander all about the various servers as a solo healer, becoming a natural disaster for dungeon groups left and right.</p>
    <p>Yes, natural disaster…</p>
    <p>At the very start, the only thing that could be used to describe An Wenyi was "natural disaster."</p>
    <p>One after another, wild dungeon groups were wiped out because of him, and group after group of players wasted their dungeon runs. An Wenyi was apologetic in his heart, but he twisted his head and, calm and determined, continued to be a natural disaster.</p>
    <p>Did his skill show any increase?</p>
    <p>Just looking at the progress in the dungeons, there was no significant change. Every run had different situations, and An Wenyi's performance had its ups and downs. Clearly, he didn't have the ability to stabilize and control these situations. But with An Wenyi's logical mindset, he hadn't anticipated any miraculous rhythm of instantly becoming God-like, so step by step he continued to use the drawer of accounts and wander around.</p>
    <p>The new week gave him many opportunities to join dungeon groups. But the the Spring Festival quickly arrived, the time of the year with the lowest number of people online in Glory. Even though that was the case, Glory would still put out an in-game event during this time with many prizes for the players.</p>
    <p>During an in-game event, the number of people actively dungeoning would decrease greatly. But this year's Spring Festival event also happened to be a huge group event. Even though it wasn't a dungeon, it was a dungeon-like environment for training, and so An Wenyi continued to train. After being a natural disaster for the dungeon groups, he became a natural disaster for the event groups.</p>
    <p>About halfway through the Spring Festival, this legend of a natural disaster began to circulate in-game. Numerous players were complaining about meeting this scoundrel Cleric, and quickly even a discussion thread popped up, with the subject "Those Clerics Who Screwed You Over In Those Years." And so one after another, players showed up and told their stories, and gradually people began to realize, these experiences, how come they all sounded so similar? And afterward, the players who had been screwed over by the same Cleric character excitedly gathered together on this common ground.</p>
    <p>"It's An Wenyi."</p>
    <p>After Chen Guo told about this everyone about this exciting thing going on in-game recently, Ye Xiu found the thread in question. After flipping through a few of the descriptions written by the victims, he made this declaration.</p>
    <p>"Ah?" Chen Guo was stunned.</p>
    <p>"He's using this kind of method to crudely train his reactions," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"This… does it work?" Chen Guo was doubtful.</p>
    <p>"With such persistence, there'll always be some improvement," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"But with him causing such a ruckus, he probably won't be able to persist much longer, will he?" Chen Guo scrolled through that thread, and toward the end people were already beginning to analyze this scoundrel Cleric. Even though they hadn't figured out any clues for now, it was clear that with the recent booming popularity of this thread, even ordinary players who liked to surf the discussion boards might see it, and once they saw it, they would be vigilant against any Clerics proclaiming they could be a solo healer.</p>
    <p>"Haha, I'm sure he'll think of a way," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi indeed thought of a way. After being repeatedly refused as a solo healer, he began not to worry about maintaining that setup, and instead simply tried to find groups where the pressure on the healers was relatively high. In reality, after so much professional training, An Wenyi's current skill was higher than any ordinary player. He couldn't make the solo healer 100-person dungeon reality because of his own weaknesses, but for situations where there was a lack of healers and thus more pressure, he could handle them easily.</p>
    <p>But healing step by step as usual, that wasn't the intense training that An Wenyi was looking for. And so in these kinds of groups, he took on all responsibilities, ignoring the divisions of the team. He treated the situation as though he were a solo healer, and furiously tried to maintain the health of the entire team.</p>
    <p>Because there were still other healers supporting, it didn't fall into chaos. In fact, An Wenyi's extremely high-level wide-range observational ability became evident as he saved the situation all around. And so An Wenyi took the chance to make a request: "With me here, we don't need this many Clerics. Add some more DPS so we can go faster and kick out some healers for the next dungeon."</p>
  </body>
</html>
