<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1403 - Disparity</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1403 - Disparity</h1>
    <p>The battlefield was silent. The stadium was silent. The computers and TVs tuning into the match were silent.</p>
    <p>The Glory competitive scene had ten years of history. It was quite common for players to damage the surrounding terrain in certain special maps, but it was the first time anyone had ever seen someone personally chop down a tree and squish their character underneath it like Huang Shaotian did.</p>
    <p>He truly is Huang Shaotian! The viewers thought to themselves. It was the playoffs, yet he still had the guts to pull off such a hilarious scene.</p>
    <p>At the stadium, after a moment of stunned silence, applause erupted. Another high point of the group arena had unexpectedly come. It was just that this high point came with lots of laughter too.</p>
    <p>Clap clap clap clap clap.</p>
    <p>Ha ha ha ha ha!</p>
    <p>“Huang Shao! Huang Shao!” The Happy fans imitated what the Blue Rain fans shouted when Huang Shaotian executed a brilliant play. They shouted these words again and again in rhythm. This sort of opponent was just too likeable. Happy’s fans didn’t mind clapping and cheering for him.</p>
    <p>The pro players on both teams looked at one another. Whether it was Blue Rain or Happy, neither team had expected such a play. Even the experienced experts had only realized what had happened from the replay.</p>
    <p>“Nice job, Mo Fan!” A smile spread across Chen Guo’s face.</p>
    <p>The others experts such as Ye Xiu were all sweating. They put themselves in Huang Shaotian’s shoes and felt like such a scene could have happened to any of them.</p>
    <p>“Huang Shaotian’s mistake really… uh… makes a deep impression!” Pan Lin took awhile to organize his thoughts before finally saying these words. The viewers watching the match heard the comment and started laughing. Yeah! Apart from “deep impression”, what else could be a better description?</p>
    <p>“How surprising!” Not to be outdone, Li Yibo immediately followed with another fitting reaction.</p>
    <p>“Troubling Rain still has 10% of his health left,” Pan Lin didn’t forget that the match was still underway.</p>
    <p>“Deception has…” Li Yibo checked Deception’s health and choked.</p>
    <p>When the two exchanged blows, Mo Fan had opened with a sneak attack, and the following combo brought away 20% of Troubling Rain’s health. Then, Huang Shaotian chased after him aggressively before finally being squashed by a tree.</p>
    <p>During this chase, Huang Shaotian hadn’t been able to deal continuous steady damage, taking away only 6% of Deception’s health.</p>
    <p>94%.</p>
    <p>Deception had 94% of his health left.</p>
    <p>A 6% vs a 70% trade.</p>
    <p>A rookie against the Sword Saint, Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>If they hadn’t seen it personally, who would believe it? In terms of numbers, Huang Shaotian had been crushed by Mo Fan. Only those who actually watched the match would know how Huang Shaotian had been wronged.</p>
    <p>A tree fell, and 50% of his health disappeared…</p>
    <p>Pan Lin’s and Li Yibo’s update on their health bars brought everyone back to the match.</p>
    <p>Dust filled the air from where the tree fell, and the tree leaves quivered from the violent crash to the ground.</p>
    <p>As for the two characters?</p>
    <p>Everyone hastily looked for them.</p>
    <p>The camera quickly locked onto the two characters.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain’s blood-drenched body showed just how much damage he took from the falling tree.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain struggled unable to move. He was clearly stuck under the tree. Swordlight flickered as Troubling Rain twisted his body and cut behind him.</p>
    <p>Rumble!</p>
    <p>The tree trunk on top of him suddenly lurched, but Troubling Rain had already rolled away.</p>
    <p>The viewers took note of the chat. Was Huang Shaotian going to say something?</p>
    <p>Actually paying attention to Huang Shaotian’s trash talk was truly a rare scene.</p>
    <p>But Huang Shaotian disappointed them. When everyone was annoyed, he wouldn’t stop talking. When everyone wanted him to talk, he shut his mouth.</p>
    <p>Fine! The viewers understood. They may be laughing at how Huang Shaotian lost 50% of his health, but for Huang Shaotian, he was probably so furious he was going crazy, no? This was even more of a tragedy for the entire Blue Rain. Their ace player had inexplicably lost 50% of his health. This group arena was looking more and more unfavorable for them.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain’s movements became more cautious. He only had 10% of his health left, but he wasn’t willing to give up just yet. Troubling Rain still had plenty of mana, and his fighting strength was normal. He needed to carefully protect this 10% health.</p>
    <p>Where’s my opponent?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian looked around in search of Deception.</p>
    <p>Where’s Deception?</p>
    <p>It wasn’t just Huang Shaotian, everyone was looking. Despite having an omniscient view, they unexpectedly weren’t able to find him. The camera cut to Mo Fan’s point of view. His screen was filled with branches and leaves. There was only a small sliver that he could see out of.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan wanted to take advantage of this opportunity, but Troubling Rain had escaped from the trap faster than he thought. He wasn’t able to find the right opportunity to act, so he used the dust as cover to roll to the fallen tree, and hid behind the dense leaves and branches.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s situation was so tragic already, but he didn’t show any mercy, carefully preparing for another sneak attack.</p>
    <p>Through the help of the broadcast, the viewers quickly locked onto Deception’s position. Troubling Rain didn’t dare make any rash moves. He simply stood in place, observing his surroundings cautiously.</p>
    <p>Finally, the dust settled, and the leaves stopped shaking. Troubling Rain jumped onto the tree trunk and slowly turned, examining everything in his surroundings.</p>
    <p>Pop!</p>
    <p>A gentle sound rang. Huang Shaotian nimbly turned his viewpoint and had Troubling Rain dash towards the source of the sound.</p>
    <p>Purple smoke instantly expanded from beneath the leaves.</p>
    <p>Ninja Tool – Smoke Bomb!</p>
    <p>With only 10% of his health left, Huang Shaotian could not charge in. Seeing that he wouldn’t be able to get anything out of this situation, he chose to retreat far away to outside of Smoke Bomb’s range and waited patiently for the purple smoke to dissipate. Only then did he start moving forward again, his gaze locked onto a certain spot.</p>
    <p>While he waited on the side, Huang Shaotian didn’t just wait there doing nothing. He carefully observed the flow of the purple smoke and grasped Deception’s movements from it, because he knew Mo Fan would definitely borrow the purple smoke as cover to move about. From these small details, he had been able to locate Deception’s current hiding spot.</p>
    <p>Quite hidden.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian thought to himself as he looked at the dense bunch of leaves. Even though he didn’t see Deception, he had determined that he was over there.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain continued to be cautious, taking each step slowly. He didn’t make any moves in a single clear direction. He didn’t want Mo Fan to know that he had already found him.</p>
    <p>And just like this, Troubling Rain walked into Deception’s attack range.</p>
    <p>Still not moving?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian had kept watch on that location. Troubling Rain had walked into a position that gave Deception plenty of opportunities. Still not satisfied?</p>
    <p>Too greedy!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was helpless. He also knew the patience that a hunter had because he was that type of person too.</p>
    <p>He was giving out openings that would let him make a counterattack, but it clearly wasn’t enough to move his opponent.</p>
    <p>Fine! Let’s see just how patient you can be. Huang Shaotian thought to himself as Troubling Rain made another step closer.</p>
    <p>Still no movements.</p>
    <p>Another step, nothing.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt his head hurt.</p>
    <p>He had experienced Mo Fan’s skills. His instant bursts were incredible. Although he couldn’t keep it up for long, Troubling Rain only had 10% of his health. A short burst from Mo Fan was more than enough.</p>
    <p>If he got any closer and let the opponent initiate, he might not be able to counterattack.</p>
    <p>“He can’t keep delivering himself over!” Li Yibo shouted. Through their omniscient spectator view, they could clearly see the situation on both sides and had a clear grasp at Huang Shaotian’s intentions. From the analysis he had given previously, everyone agreed with Li Yibo: he can’t keep delivering himself over.</p>
    <p>But Huang Shaotian still had Troubling Rain take a step forward.</p>
    <p>This was perseverance, bravery, and more importantly, confidence.</p>
    <p>The situation was unfavorable for him, yet he still had the confidence that he could turn it around.</p>
    <p>Deception rushed out!</p>
    <p>For him, it was the best opportunity he was going to get. The previous opportunities were indeed quite good, but he wasn’t tempted by them. He patiently waited until the golden one appeared.</p>
    <p>The patience trained from being a scrap picker wouldn’t lose to anyone.</p>
    <p>“Good!” At this crucial moment, Huang Shaotian first typed out a message.</p>
    <p>Storm Shuriken!</p>
    <p>Numerous shurikens flew out. Under this cover, Deception quickly formed a seal, Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain, Sword’s Divine Judgement!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn’t hesitate even though this skill had gotten him into a bad situation last match. When it was time to use it, he was still confident in his judgement and used it with no second thoughts.</p>
    <p>Sword qi flew out in every direction. Deception, who had used Shadow Clone Technique to get behind him, was swept away by the sword qi.</p>
    <p>Stun!</p>
    <p>The damage from Sword’s Divine Judgement wasn’t great, but the Stun effect was remarkable.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain turned around with a Rising Dragon Slash.</p>
    <p>Deception was launched into the air. Rising Dragon Slash into Falling Phoenix Slash was a very common combo, but Huang Shaotian decided to go more complex. He used a Headwind Strike in the air into an Immortal Guides the Way. Before Deception was blown away, he immediately followed with a Falling Phoenix Slash.</p>
    <p>The sword pressed down on Deception as he fell. Although this combo dealt more damage, the difficult execution meant that a slight flaw in the chaining of skills could lead to Deception breaking free from it.</p>
    <p>But everyone could also see why Huang Shaotian took the risk. By chaining these skills together, his character fell slightly slower, allowing him to dodge all of Deception’s Storm Shurikens.</p>
    <p>Huang SHaotian would not let himself waste the 10% health he had left.</p>
  </body>
</html>
