<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1113: Sending a Shard</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1113: Sending a Shard</h1>
    <p>Royal Style on the left. Misty Rain on the right. Wind Howl in the middle.</p>
    <p>In this situation, no communication was necessary. Royal Style and Misty Rain were already thinking the same thing: eliminate Wind Howl first.</p>
    <p>Tian Sen's Peaceful Hermit grabbed with his left hand and pulled out a talisman, crackling with lightning, from the void. He swung his right hand and a scythe flew out along with that lightning talisman towards Wind Howl.</p>
    <p>"Lightning Talisman! Dodge!"</p>
    <p>Fang Rui shouted. Wind Howl's four players quickly dispersed. The scythe landed at the center of their original location. The Lightning Talisman exploded and lightning spread from where the scythe had pierced into the ground.</p>
    <p>Throwing the weapon was an Exorcist skill called "Spirit Guidance". Many Exorcist skills could be utilized along with "Spirit Guidance". A weapon thrown with "Spirit Guidance" wouldn't be considered as dropping it. Others wouldn't be able to pick it up. On the other hand, the Exorcist could grab the weapon back from afar. It could be considered as one way for an Exorcist to show off how cool he was.</p>
    <p>But for experts, looking cool was secondary. These types of class-specific skills were skills that best displayed a class's ability. All of these skills needed to be mastered.</p>
    <p>As the number one Exorcist in Glory, Tian Sen's mastery over this skill was needless to say. "Spirit Guidance" brought a Lightning Talisman with it, splitting up Wind Howl's team.</p>
    <p>Misty Rain coordinated very well with them. Chu Yunxiu complemented with a Heavenly Lightning Earthen Fire, a Flame Storm, and a Thunder Apocalypse. Three AoE spells completely split apart Wind Howl's four players.</p>
    <p>Behind Winy Rain, Team Misty Rain's three Sharpshooters focused Wind Howl's Cleric. Bullets rained down wildly onto Wind Howl's Cleric.</p>
    <p>Tian Sen saw Misty Rain's actions and directed his team to coordinate with them. Team Royal Style's players belonged to the strength category. Xu Huiliu was a Striker player. His fame might not be comparable to Han Wenqing's, but he definitely belonged to the upper ranks among Strikers. Shen Wanhe was a Spitfire. After Zhang Jiale retired, he was even a candidate for Dazzling Hundred Blossom's successor. His skill wasn't as high as a God's though, and in the end, Team Hundred Blossoms chose their own team's Zou Yuan. Then, there was He Weitang. He even had a slight connection with Zhao Yuzhe. The two had joined the pro scene the same year and were both contenders for Best Rookie that year. Even though Zhao Yuzhe was chosen to be Best Rookie, the lead had been very slight. He Weitang lost, but he was definitely a talented rookie worthy of being nurtured. He Weitang was a Summoner, which was a class that had always been missing among the All Stars cast. The last player was their Paladin, Ren Junchi. He wasn't particularly outstanding among healers, but for him to be a starter on a pro team, he couldn't be bad.</p>
    <p>The current Team Royal Style was their starting five players. Tian Sen's Peaceful Hermit initiated with a Lightning Talisman and then directed his team to coordinate with Team Misty Rain to target Wind Howl's Cleric.</p>
    <p>Wind Howl was still within Fang Rui's trap zone. However, Royal Style had He Weitang, who quickly had his summons lead the way. Shen Wanhe's Spitfire was also a long-ranged attacker and he quickly formed a crossfire with Misty Rain's three Sharpshooters.</p>
    <p>How could a Cleric defend against so many attacks? His allies had been separated from him by AoE attacks. When Xu Huiliu's Striker reached him, Wind Howl's Cleric could no longer persevere and was the first to fall.　　</p>
    <p>Misty Rain only attacked from afar. They coordinated closely with Wind Howl, making sure to avoid any accidental injuries. But the instant Wind Howl's Cleric fell, Misty Rain's Liu Hua's Ninja, Dark Forest, very precisely teleported to the fallen Cleric with a Shadow Clone Technique.</p>
    <p>Royal Style was startled, but quickly realized Misty Rain's intentions. Xu Huiliu's Striker was just about to punch, when everyone saw that the Cleric hadn't dropped anything when he died.</p>
    <p>Xu Huiliu forcefully canceled his skill. The two sides typed haha and tacitly understood to focus on the next target.　　</p>
    <p>Wind Howl's Knight became the the next target of the two teams. But this time, Royal Style was prepared. He Weitang's summons swarmed the Knight. If Li Hua's Dark Forest tried to use Shadow Clone Technique again, he wouldn't be able to squeeze in.　　</p>
    <p>Misty Rain saw this and figured that all of their efforts would have been for nothing, so they immediately switched fire to Zhao Yuzhe's Beautiful Light. They planned on testing their luck with Royal Style to see which player from Wind Howl would have the shard.</p>
    <p>Zhao Yuzhe was in a dire situation, but his fighting spirit didn't dampen. Even though he felt like there was no possibility of him escaping, he still wanted to attack Windy Rain to prove his skill.</p>
    <p>When the enemies stopped attacking him, Zhao Yuzhe was able to find an opportunity. He was just about to send a fierce wave of attacks at Windy Rain, when Team Misty Rain suddenly switched targets. Bang bang bang! The three Sharpshooters had shot three Thunder Snipes, striking the frail Elementalist and shattering not just his heart but his body into pieces.</p>
    <p>Zhao Yuzhe, who had been planning on launching a fierce assault, didn't even have a way out anymore. He could only brace himself for the attacks and continue charging ahead as if he were a Battle Mage.</p>
    <p>But midway through, Li Hua's Dark Forest intercepted him. Along with support fire from the rear, Beautiful Light wasn't even able to touch Windy Rain's clothing.</p>
    <p>"Fuck!" Zhao Yuzhe cursed fiercely. The instant he fell, he saw that their team's Knight couldn't hang on any longer either. But what about Fang Rui?</p>
    <p>Zhao Yuzhe immediately checked and was dumbstruck. Their teammate Fang Rui found an opportunity when the other three players died to run away.</p>
    <p>"You!" Zhao Yuzhe fumed. Sound could no longer be transmitted in the game. He could only turn his head and shout at Fang Rui outside the game. But Fang Rui was completely focused. His hands were dancing across the keyboard and mouse. He didn't notice Zhao Yuzhe's existence at all.</p>
    <p>You think you can escape from this kind of encirclement?</p>
    <p>Zhao Yuzhe was solely preoccupied with Fang Rui's dirtiness, but ignored the outcome that resulted from it. Windy Rain and Royal Style, ten pro players, discovered that none of those three in Wind Howl had dropped the shard. At the same time, they also realized with a start: Fang Rui's Doubtful Demon had disappeared!</p>
    <p>The Thief's Stealth allowed the character to move while invisible. But even so, with the two pro teams attacking from two sides, slipping away without them noticing showed Fang Rui's skill with it.</p>
    <p>"Find him!!!" The two teams ordered.</p>
    <p>The Stealth effect would be removed at the slightest touch and under Stealth, the character would move at 60% speed. Even if the skill was maxed, the movement speed could only reach at 85%. Any attack or any movement that used stamina would automatically cancel Stealth. The only exception was if the Thief had Trap Proficiency and placed down traps under Stealth.</p>
    <p>Pro players obviously understood how the skill worked. They naturally knew how to get a Thief out of stealth, but despite their best efforts, they were unable to dig out Fang Rui's Doubtful Demon.</p>
    <p>The two teams continued to do their best, but at the same time, they had gradually started to shift their intentions. Next up was time for the two teams to fight. The teams already understood how this dungeon worked. They knew that they needed to fight for these shards. Fang Rui's Doubtful Demon was gone, so now it was time for them to fight.</p>
    <p>Spirit Guidance! Ice Talisman!</p>
    <p>Tian Sen's Peaceful Hermit moved first. He tossed his scythe, which landed on the ground along with an Ice Talisman. A ring of ice was just about to spread out, when a pillar of fire shot up from the same spot! Raging Flames! Team Misty Rain had been prepared. Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain had practically casted the spell at the same time.</p>
    <p>Ice and fire crossed. The two elements restrained each other, neither attack greater than the other. Raging Flame's fire pillar didn't last for even a second before it disappeared. The Ice Talisman's ice ring failed to spread outwards and disappeared along with the fire pillar.</p>
    <p>Following afterwards, the two sides attacked each other fiercely. Team Misty Rain had no healer, so they couldn't fight head to head with Royal Style. Their long-ranged attackers coordinated with one another, while Liu Hua's Ninja weaved around. This type of playstyle was Team Misty Rain's distinguishing style. Only this time, they had no healer and instead had a long-ranged attacker. Their offensive was more powerful, but they needed to be more careful in protecting themselves.</p>
    <p>"So they've finally started fighting. Time to run!"</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Doubtful Demon started moving. This was the brilliant spot he had chosen. He knew that the two pro teams would quickly realize that he had disappeared with Stealth. If he went to look for any hiding places, he would definitely be forced out by the enemies, so he simply stood there in place and gambled on it.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's gamble paid off. The two teams were searching around the exit and failed to find him. The two then started attacking each other. Fang Rui was carefully weaving past the fires of the battle. Even though Wind Howl only had one person remaining, Fang Rui felt like they hadn't lost yet because the remaining teams would have to fight each other. After the teams killed one another, perhaps there might be an opportunity for him to finish it off?</p>
    <p>Doubtful Demon slowly left the battle, but he wasn't willing to go too far. He wanted to see what the outcome of the battle would be. Perhaps there was an opportunity there. He slowly retreated, looking for a safe place to peep at the battle. As he backed up, he discovered that he had backed up into a group of people.　</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui suddenly fumed. He was just one person playing dirty, but Happy was going too far. All five of them were playing dirty. They were all shamelessly hiding in a corner, waiting to reap the benefiits.　</p>
    <p>Too shameless!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui cursed inwardly, but he didn't dare challenge Happy's five players. He took advantage of the fact that Happy hadn't discovered him yet and tried to leave.　</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had wanted to quietly move his Doubtful Demon away, when he suddenly heard a click from underneath his feet.</p>
    <p>A trap had locked up his foot. Doubtful Demon's stealth wore off.</p>
    <p>"What the fuck?" Steamed Bun cried out in surprise, seeing a person suddenly appear out of nowhere.</p>
    <p>"Shhh. He's here to send us his shard." Ye Xiu said calmly.</p>
  </body>
</html>
