<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1518 -  Normal People Chasing After the Footsteps of Geniuses</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1518 -  Normal People Chasing After the Footsteps of Geniuses</h1>
    <p>Tyranny’s home fans were unfriendly towards Happy and Ye Xiu in particular. Ye Xiu didn’t care though. After shaking hands with Tyranny’s players, he waved his hands towards the crowd, triggering a flood of boos. A few rather impulsive fans thought of their loss in the last round and immediately started throwing random objects at him. The security quickly put a stop to them and escorted them out.</p>
    <p>“Hahaha,” Ye Xiu laughed, not in the least concerned. After greeting each other, the two teams went to their designated seats. But when they looked again, they saw that Ye Xiu hadn’t gone down. He was still standing there on the stage!</p>
    <p>What’s the meaning of this?</p>
    <p>He would be Happy’s first player for the group arena!</p>
    <p>But the problem was that this wasn’t Happy’s home game, it was Tyranny’s, yet he stood there heroically. The Happy fans were quite excited seeing this scene, but the boos from the Tyranny fans quickly drowned them out.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had come onto the stage, waved his hands to the crowd, and stayed on the stage. The match hadn’t even started yet, and boos had been thrown his way three times already.</p>
    <p>“How capable!” Ye Xiu heard someone say from the side. He turned his head to see who it was. Lin Jingyan hadn’t gone down from the stage and stayed as well.</p>
    <p>“Haha,” Ye Xiu laughed, “I can hear it. They’re booing you, booing your lack of creativity.”</p>
    <p>As soon as he said those words, the boos suddenly turned into applause, turning into the background for Lin Jingyan, who had come over to talk to Ye Xiu. It became even more obvious who the booing was for and who the applause was for.</p>
    <p>“Thank you, thank you for the applause,” Ye Xiu turned around and waved his hands enthusiastically to the crowd. Tyranny’s fans suddenly didn’t know what to do. It was really hard to grasp the timing for booing Ye Xiu and applauding Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn’t know whether to laugh of cry. He wasn’t capable of doing something like this, but at the same time, he was secretly feeling a bit envious of Ye Xiu’s shamelessness.</p>
    <p>In the end, Tyranny’s fans couldn’t endure it any longer. The applause turned into boos again, and Ye Xiu immediately acted like the boos weren’t for him. Lin Jingyan couldn’t help but laugh.</p>
    <p>Don’t look at how this was hate not love. The two sides had quite the understanding of each other. When the day came that Ye Xiu no longer stood on the stage, Tyranny’s fans would probably miss these interactions. As for Ye Xiu? Was it because he knew that he would one day have to leave this stage that he teased Tyranny’s fans endlessly?</p>
    <p>In reality, he probably wasn’t admiring Ye Xiu’s shamelessness, but his lively interactions with Glory fans.</p>
    <p>As for himself?</p>
    <p>He had a group of diehard fans rooting for him, but right now, were they looking at him?</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan actually became depressed for some time, up until Ye Xiu came over and called out to him: “So Tyranny sent you to kill yourself?”</p>
    <p>“Hahaha,” Lin Jingyan laughed dryly. If Han Wenqing or Zhang Jiale were in his place, they would probably respond with “who knows who’ll be the one to die!” But not Lin Jingyan. From the very beginning, he was different from players like Ye Xiu, Han Wenqing, and Zhang Jiale. Those players were geniuses. It only took one look to know that they were destined to stand at the top of Glory. As for himself? Lin Jinyan knew that he wasn’t a genius of any kind. He was just one among the many who chased after the footsteps of those geniuses. Fortunately, he was able to get very close to these geniuses. Unfortunately, he was left behind despite his efforts, never able to reach the same heights as them.</p>
    <p>Nothing could be done… because there was no rule saying that genius couldn’t work hard either. The genius in front of him put in no less effort than he had. Those geniuses never thought of giving others a chance to catch up.</p>
    <p>“Being with you guys for so many years has truly been exhausting!” Lin Jingyan suddenly said.</p>
    <p>“Hm?” Ye Xiu stared blankly at him. Lin Jingyan’s words had come out of nowhere. For a moment, he didn’t know how to react.</p>
    <p>“It’s too bad. I also have goals that I won’t give up on!” Lin Jingyan said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? You’re very spirited today!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Yes, I’m going to win!” Lin Jingyan said.</p>
    <p>“Let’s see you try,” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“See you in game.”</p>
    <p>“See you in game.”</p>
    <p>The two shook hands and went to their respective player booths. The big screen in the stadium displayed the names of the two competitors.</p>
    <p>Team Happy – Ye Xiu – Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny – Lin Jingyan – Dark Thunder.</p>
    <p>When the time came, the referee confirmed that the players were ready, and the match officially went underway.</p>
    <p>It was clear who would be playing first in the group arena. The next question was what type of map would Tyranny choose?</p>
    <p>It’s… the Arena?</p>
    <p>Everyone was taken aback.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny had unexpectedly chosen the most commonly picked 1v1 map for the all important playoffs stage, the Arena!</p>
    <p>This map had the highest pick rate in the game because it was the smallest, simplest, and most direct…</p>
    <p>This style fit Tyranny quite well, but maps weren’t chosen for the sake of simplicity. Picking the map was equivalent to giving the home team the initiative. The chosen map was the home team’s first attack towards the away team. It could affect the momentum of the entire match.</p>
    <p>However, Tyranny had chosen the Arena. Picking this plain and simple map was the same as giving up their home team advantage. What’s more, Happy’s Ye Xiu liked this map. In the regular season, Happy would often this type of map in the individual competition. For Tyranny to choose this map, had a spy infiltrated the team?</p>
    <p>“Coach Li, what’s the meaning behind choosing this map?” Pan Lin asked Li Yibo for his opinion.</p>
    <p>“This map couldn’t have been chosen on the spur of the moment, especially with Zhang Xinjie planning Tyranny’s strategies. There must be a reason behind picking this map,” Li Yibo said. This time, Li Yibo wasn’t just trying to get out of saying anything meaningful. These were his actual thoughts. Unfortunately for him, Pan Lin misunderstood, thinking that Li Yibo was just joking around. As a result, he followed up with the usual “Okay, then let’s wait and see”, leaving Li Yibo hanging.</p>
    <p>“I…” Li Yibo wanted to say something but hesitated because the match had begun. The Arena was as simple as a map could be. The setting was that there was no setting. As soon as the characters loaded in, there was no time for Li Yibo to make any introductions. The two characters chosen by Happy and Tyranny were already at the center of the map.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim, Dark Thunder.</p>
    <p>“This map… did you pick it just for me?” Ye Xiu asked in the chat.</p>
  </body>
</html>
