<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 402 – Experience Life</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 402 – Experience Life</h1>
    <p>“How tiring!” Ye Xiu stretched from his computer. The two people behind him who were tidying up the New Year goods, glared at him in anger.</p>
    <p>“How’s it going? Did you finish cleaning up?” Ye Xiu walked over with his two hands behind his back as if he were an inspector.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo lifted her hand and threw something at him. Ye Xiu was quite nimble though. He raised his hand and caught it. He looked at it and saw that it was an apple.</p>
    <p>“Go wash the fruit!” Chen Guo gave Ye Xiu as task to do. But shortly afterwards, she heard a “crunch” and the apple she had thrown at Ye Xiu had a bite taken out of it.</p>
    <p>“What? You hadn’t washed it yet……” Ye Xiu, who had taken a bite out of the apple, was as tranquil as ever. He spat out the apple he had taken a bite out of and tossed the eaten apple back at Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn’t catch it. She let the apple go flying past her directly towards the entrance, where it fell and rolled on the ground.</p>
    <p>“Come here and work.” Chen Guo said expressionlessly.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu toddled over and the three began organizing the items they had just bought.</p>
    <p>Even though it was nearly New Years, the Internet Cafe had some business. It was just that the people who occasionally passed by and took a look around were scared by the scene they saw.</p>
    <p>“Boss…… are you preparing for a party?” One person saw the various ornaments scattered around and asked in astonishment.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was delighted. This misunderstanding was a type of acknowledgement as a result of their hard work.</p>
    <p>“Come, come, come. You can sit anywhere. The candy, melon seeds, and peanuts are free!” The customers who were lured in all received free candy and snacks as a gift.</p>
    <p>“Not bad.” The tidying up they had done the entire afternoon made the Internet Cafe look like there was a party going on. Chen Guo wiped some sweat from her forehead and said happily.</p>
    <p>“Come here. Both of you get a red envelope.” Chen Guo turned her head and gave the two brothers a reward.</p>
    <p>“Thanks, boss.” Ye Xiu replied without batting an eyelid.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha, there’s even a red envelope!” Ye Qiu didn’t decline.</p>
    <p>“You’re going back tomorrow, right? Then, let’s have a good dinner tonight.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“What do you mean by eat a good dinner?” Ye Xiu had already lived in Happy Internet Cafe for two months and had experienced Chen Guo’s idea of a “good dinner”. It was usually just a few more dishes.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo stared at him: “Let’s see it’s still possible to order some.” She took out her cellphone. This time, she was planning on having an actual “good dinner”. She was going to order a feast.</p>
    <p>“Don’t, don’t, don’t.” Ye Qiu jumped out to stop her, “There’s no need to go through all that trouble. What do you two usually eat? We can just eat the same!”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was surprised when she heard this and then laughed: “I understand. You want to experience what life here is like?”</p>
    <p>“However…… you probably won’t be able to get a realistic experience today!” Chen Guo looked at the restaurant near them. That restaurant had good business relations with the Internet Cafe. She would order food from the small restaurant there. But today, the restaurant owner had gone home to celebrate New Years, so it wasn’t open.</p>
    <p>“Just a general feeling would be fine.” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“Okay!” Chen Guo nodded her head. She took her purse and gave a few hundred yuan bills to Ye Xiu : “Go out and make a left. There will definitely be a few restaurants that haven’t closed yet. Hurry.”</p>
    <p>She pointed at the running Ye Xiu to Ye Qiu: “Look, that’s a part of our life.”</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha, how wonderful!” Ye Qiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“How about you go? To get the experience.” Ye Xiu handed the money over to Ye Qiu.</p>
    <p>“No need. I’ll skip this part!” Ye Qiu wasn’t an idiot. Running errands wasn’t anything he needed to experience.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu held a cigarette in his mouth and left the building. Chen Guo called Ye Qiu over and set up the dining table they usually used in their day to day life. Then, she pointed at the few customers: “There isn’t really anyone here today. Usually, there are a lot of customers at this hour. Some of them will have food with them and the entire Internet Cafe will smell like delicious food.”</p>
    <p>“How unfortunate. We won’t be experiencing it today.” Ye Qiu sighed.</p>
    <p>“If you ever get the chance, feel free to come again!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Okay, I will definitely!” Ye Qiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>The two sat at the dining table and chatted. Ye Qiu told Chen Guo quite a few stories about Ye Xiu when he was young. Chen Guo really wanted to know about these, so she could use them as revenge against Ye Xiu. When she thought carefully, ever since Ye Xiu had arrived at Happy Internet Cafe, she was often the one who suffered. Chen Guo didn’t want to be that kind of story character.</p>
    <p>“I’m back.” Ye Xiu finally came back with two bags full of food.</p>
    <p>“It smells amazing.” Ye Qiu was already beginning to grow impatient.</p>
    <p>“Oh, did we not eat this afternoon?” Chen Guo recalled.</p>
    <p>“If you’re hungry, just eat more.” Ye Xiu put down the food and smoked his cigarette first.</p>
    <p>“Let’s see what we have here.” Ye Qiu took out the boxes of food.</p>
    <p>“Oh, pretty good, pretty good.”</p>
    <p>“Ah, very good, very good.”</p>
    <p>“Hm? Not bad, not bad.”</p>
    <p>“How great! I like all of these.” Ye Qiu looked at the food and nodded his head repeatedly.</p>
    <p>“It’s hard to tell, but you’re actually a good brother.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“I’ve always been. It’s just that young people don’t know what they’re doing, which is why such a misunderstanding came about.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Young people…… Chen Guo was somewhat speechless. They were twins. Even though one was a bit younger and the other was a bit older, in reality, the difference was negligible.</p>
    <p>“No alcohol?” Ye Qiu opened up a box of food and realized that there was nothing to drink.</p>
    <p>“That’s right! You didn’t buy any alcohol?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“I don’t drink alcohol.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?” Chen Guo was surprised.The smoker, Ye Xiu, actually didn’t drink alcohol. She hadn’t expected this.</p>
    <p>“Too much alcohol and your hands will shake.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, got it!” Chen Guo understood. A pro player had to have two steady hands. A minor micro mistake could have serious consequences. As a pro player, one had to be careful when drinking alcohol.</p>
    <p>“You don’t drink, but we do!” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“That’s right!” Chen Guo also thought, “We do!”</p>
    <p>“You two…… I don’t have the hands……” Ye Xiu was helpless.</p>
    <p>“Oh.” Chen Guo realized and then got up: “I still have some alcohol upstairs. They’ve been up there for awhile and haven’t been touched. I’ll go grab them for us to drink. Ye Xiu can help.”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had only just sat down, but had to get up again. The two went up, while Chen Guo asked: “What type of alcohol does your brother like?”</p>
    <p>“I haven’t been home in ten years.” Ye Xiu reminded. He really didn’t know what type of alcohol Ye Qiu liked.</p>
    <p>“Go ask.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>As a result, Ye Xiu went back down. Not long after, Ye Qiu went up. Chen Guo was speechless. She called Ye Qiu over to personally pick the alcohol.</p>
    <p>“Come, come, come. We’ll just pretend that today is New Year’s! Happy New Year, Happy New Year.” After all, Chen Guo was the real host. She raised her cup and began calling the two brothers over.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu said he didn’t drink alcohol, but he still poured a bit into his cup. The three touched cups and drank. The Internet Cafe still had a few customers, who saw the three celebrate the holiday as if there weren’t anyone around them.</p>
    <p>There were numerous dishes. Chen Guo had grabbed quite a few drinks too. But this feast turned out to be extremely short-lived. No one had imagined that Ye Qiu would get drunk so quickly. He was completely drunk and after a short moment, his head suddenly dropped to the table. No matter how much they yelled and yelled, he wouldn’t wake up.</p>
    <p>“How weak.” Ye Xiu shook his head.</p>
    <p>“He can’t drink?” Chen Guo was also astonished.</p>
    <p>“I really have no idea.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You guys don’t even know if you’re allergic to alcohol?” Chen Guo began to worry.</p>
    <p>“I’m not allergic. We have the same DNA, so I doubt he’s allergic.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What do we do?”</p>
    <p>“Are you done eating?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Not yet.”</p>
    <p>“Then keep eating.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo took some food and suddenly remembered something: “You aren’t going to be like him and drop dead after drinking such a small amount right?”</p>
    <p>“Impossible.” Ye Xiu denied.</p>
    <p>“You’ve never drunk any alcohol, so you don’t actually know either, right?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Uh……” Ye Xiu didn’t know how to reply.</p>
    <p>“The same DNA. Tsk tsk tsk.” Chen Guo sighed.</p>
    <p>“We’ve got different futures ahead of us. Tsk tsk tsk.” Ye Xiu also sighed.</p>
    <p>“You’re just saying that! He seems like he won’t be someone with no future like you.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Of course, I was just saying that.’ Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Ye Qiu lied on his stomach for a good two hours. When he woke up, he was still in a daze.</p>
    <p>“Are you okay?” A bowl of vegetables was quickly given to him. Chen Guo looked at him.</p>
    <p>“Oh? Did something happen?’ Ye Qiu asked, confused.</p>
    <p>“You got drunk.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Really? For how long?” Ye Qiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Two hours.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Oh no. It’s late now, isn’t it?” Ye Qiu said. He looked at the time and stared stupidly. When he recalled, he realized how quickly he had fallen drunk. It was certainly a length of time that would make others worry.</p>
    <p>“Cough……” Ye Qiu was too embarrassed to say anything.</p>
    <p>“How are you now?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“I’m fine, I’m fine. It’s all good!” Ye Qiu got up and wanted to prove himself. But as soon as he got up, he nearly fell.</p>
    <p>“Ah, I’m so dizzy.” Ye Qiu shouted. Chen Guo hastily supported him.</p>
    <p>“If you’re dizzy, go up and have a rest!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“No need. No need. You don’t need to help me. No one needs to help me.” Ye Qiu insisted that he was fine. After swaying back and forth for two steps, his hands slapped the wall: “I’ll just use the wall……” He paused.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn’t know whether to laugh or cry and called Ye Xiu over.</p>
    <p>“What a useless person.” Ye Xiu was helpless.</p>
    <p>“Do you still remember where the stairs are?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I know. I know.” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“Where?”</p>
    <p>“Hm, the other side of the wall…..” Ye Qiu said.</p>
    <p>“Get out of here!” Ye Xiu extended his hands to support him. Chen Guo also helped. This time, Ye Qiu didn’t insist and he was dragged up to the second floor.</p>
    <p>“Should we have him sleep at my place?” Chen Guo said to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“No need. No need. I’ll sleep here!!” Ye Qiu was still awake and he stubbornly pointed his finger. But his finger went astray and he pointed at a table in the guest room.</p>
    <p>“Throw him over to my place……” Ye Xiu opened his own door and really did throw Ye Qiu into his room. He took off his shoes and put the blanket over him.</p>
    <p>“It’s quite nice having a brother, no?” Seeing Ye Xiu help tidy up Ye Qiu, Chen Guo chuckled.</p>
    <p>“It’s not so bad.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
