<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 672: The Calmness of a Weak Team</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 672: The Calmness of a Weak Team</h1>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader obviously knew who exactly he was facing. Usually, he would be excited about meeting a pro player in game, no matter who it was.</p>
    <p>But how could Conquering Cloud’s guild leader feel excitement in his current situation?</p>
    <p>Speaking of which, it was truly quite pitiful for the fans of weak teams. Strong teams had Gods, a beautiful win rate, and an incredible match record. Any of these were enough to make fans discuss their favorite teams enthusiastically. However, weak teams didn’t have any of these. The reasons people would support weak teams clearly wasn’t enamored by their glorious achievements. Due to this reason, the fans of weak teams were generally more loyal because there wasn’t much they could support. They started off in a low position. Even a tiny improvement was enough to make them satisfied.</p>
    <p>These fans were a group of down-to-earth players, but that didn’t mean they didn’t like achievements either.</p>
    <p>They also hoped their team would have amazing players, exceptional characters, and an intimidating win record.</p>
    <p>Conquering Clouds once possessed such a quality.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang!</p>
    <p>Conquering Clouds had unexpectedly uncovered such a talent. As soon as he came onto the stage, he attracted countless eyes. Sun Xiang had obtained the greatest glory one could achieve as an individual. In his very first year in the Alliance, he was already being mentioned alongside the other Gods. That year, Conquering Cloud’s win record was unprecedented, with regards to them, of course.</p>
    <p>But their happiness was short-lived.</p>
    <p>Many people expected great things from Sun Xiang and looked at him favorably, but none of it seemed to have anything to do with Conquering Clouds. The attention given to such a talent couldn’t be considered as attention to their team.</p>
    <p>The fans of Conquering Clouds didn’t want to admit it, but they could only do so.</p>
    <p>As Sun Xiang performed more and more spectacularly, they were filled with joy, but also filled with worry and uneasiness. In his second season, when Sun Xiang continued to play with Conquering Clouds, the fans were as excited as if they had just won the championships.</p>
    <p>Yes, for a weak team, finding happiness in the team was very easy.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, good things didn’t last forever. During this season’s winter, he transferred to another team. Team Excellent Era’s captain, Ye Qiu, the greatest player in Glory’s competitive history, retired. Following afterwards, Sun Xiang announced his transfer to Team Excellent Era to succeed Ye Qiu’s position.</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s fans obviously felt bitter, but they still held their reasoning.</p>
    <p>As fans of Conquering Clouds, they had been prepared for such a move long ago. They sent their blessings to Sun Xiang and even felt proud that someone from their team had been able to succeed a God like Ye Qiu.</p>
    <p>They didn’t hold any grievances towards anyone and simply continued to quietly support their team.</p>
    <p>Fighting for wild bosses?</p>
    <p>Truthfully speaking, Conquering Cloud didn’t have an elite team responsible for wild bosses. This sort of competition was similar to their situation with a talent like Sun Xiang. From the very start, none of it seemed to be related to a weak team like Conquering Clouds.</p>
    <p>But they would never give up on such an opportunity.</p>
    <p>The playoffs were one such opportunity.</p>
    <p>The fans of the strong teams were busy waving flags and shouting battle cries, pouring out their emotions either due to being eliminated or for winning. This was a long-awaited event for fans of teams like Conquering Clouds. They didn’t have the status to take part in it.</p>
    <p>They would only watch quietly from the sidelines when such opportunities suddenly appeared in front of them.</p>
    <p>The powerful guilds practically monopolized the wild bosses, leading their fans and contesting them. They hadn’t relaxed in their wild boss hunting all year, up until now.</p>
    <p>It was hard to say how much of an improvement killing a few wild bosses could provide to a team, but if there was an opportunity, then why waste it?</p>
    <p>The small Club guilds, who almost never participated in wild boss fights, had gathered their players together and spread across the world of Glory, searching for wild bosses.</p>
    <p>Conquering Clouds was naturally one of these guilds, but they had unfortunately encountered Heavenly Justice at Darkness Palace.</p>
    <p>They knew that Heavenly Justice was about to have a team join the Alliance. Their entrance came with quite some noise. The talk about Heavenly Justice even overshadowed their own. How could they accept that so easily?</p>
    <p>If an elite group from a strong team came, they would resign themselves to their inevitable loss, but they felt like they could still contest Heavenly Justice.</p>
    <p>However, they suffered a crushing defeat!</p>
    <p>Even an elite group from a powerful Club guild wouldn’t have beat them so badly.</p>
    <p>The reason was very obvious. It was because of the person heading over towards him. It was because of this guy’s help that Conquering Clouds had suffered such huge losses in that fight. Conquering Cloud’s guild leader shotcalling and tactics couldn’t compete with a God’s.</p>
    <p>And now this person was walking around so casually in front of him, asking such an arrogant question.</p>
    <p>Were they born to be looked down upon?</p>
    <p>Even though they were weak and the person looking down on them was Glory’s greatest of all time, Conquering Cloud’s guild leader still felt like it was a blow to his pride.</p>
    <p>But perhaps he was already used to being looked down upon, despite being angry, he didn’t make any movements. Their feeble strength was a fact and, in any competitive platform, the skilled were respected.</p>
    <p>“You’re still not fighting yet? Where are your people?” In the end, Conquering Cloud’s guild leader replied calmly to Ye Xiu’s question.</p>
    <p>“Oh, I’m here to investigate. My people are still far away.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>So straightforward…...</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader didn’t know what to say. Under normal circumstances, let alone admitting that you were investigating, just from your guild tag alone, killing you off immediately didn’t need any explanation, but facing this person, would they even be able to kill him if they tried?</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader couldn’t help but ask himself this question. Even though he had two hundred players on his side and his opponent was only one, he had heard that when this God entered the Heavenly Domain, the top guilds had allied together and chased after him. And the results? In the end, it was settled by leaving the matter unsettled. The other side was able to steadily climb his way up to level 70.</p>
    <p>As for why they left the matter unsettled, he didn’t need to hear it from others to know. It was naturally because they had no other choice!</p>
    <p>If all of the top guilds couldn’t do it, Conquering Cloud’s guild leader doubted that he had any sort of chance of succeeding.</p>
    <p>The fans of small teams possessed steadfast hearts! As the leader of these fans, Conquering Cloud’s guild leader appeared calm. They were originally at the bottom. How could they go any lower? Just like this wild boss. It wouldn’t have originally gone to them. If they got it, they would profit. If they didn’t, they didn’t lose out. There was no pressure on them, so when facing tough opponents like Changing Spring, Jiang You, or Arisaema, Conquering Cloud’s guild leader would initially be depressed and become calm.</p>
    <p>“Tell your people to come!” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? You’re not going to move it away?” Ye Xiu was surprised.</p>
    <p>“It’s not like it matters. We wouldn’t be able to shrug you off even if we tried, no?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader said.</p>
    <p>“That’s true.” Ye Xiu confirmed, “But do you think that if my people come, you’ll have the ability to face them?”</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader fell silent. Their tragic defeat at Darkness Palace was still fresh in their minds! Everyone was silent. No one said anything. They quietly listened to the conversation between their guild leader and their enemy.</p>
    <p>“So you’re saying we should quietly watch you guys?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader said.</p>
    <p>“Sure. I would never reject that offer.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader was depressed, but a small character was a small character. He knew when to give up. In the end, he sighed: “It looks like that’s our only choice.”</p>
    <p>“But I have a proposal.” Ye Xiu suddenly spoke.</p>
    <p>“What is it?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader was ready to order his people to escape at any moment.</p>
    <p>“Alliance!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader felt like he had heard incorrectly.</p>
    <p>“Our current situation is only temporary. It’d be a miracle if we could keep this up for two weeks. Once this period ends, those guilds will certainly come back to compete for wild bosses. When that time comes, our strength will go back to being insufficient, no?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Even with you?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader said.</p>
    <p>“Why are you worried about me? You should be concerned with yourself.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“.......”</p>
    <p>“Then what are you trying to say?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader asked.</p>
    <p>“We should cooperate together and break the wild boss monopoly held by those top guilds.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Conquering Cloud’s guild leader stared blankly.</p>
    <p>“I feel like you’ve never thought of doing this before.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I’ve thought of it before, but even if we allied together, I’m not sure if we’d be able to beat the top guilds.” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader said.</p>
    <p>“But if you don’t try, then you won’t even have a chance at all.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“In any case, it’s not like you’re doing anything else. Why not give it a try? Isn’t it boring running dungeons everyday? Look at how the Heavenly Domain is set up. It clearly encourages PK. As a Club guild, shouldn’t you be a model for others?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How are those even connected?” Conquering Cloud’s guild leader was depressed.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Ye Xiu received a message from Loulan Slash. Seeing that Lord Grim had gone over, but hadn’t reported back in a long time, Loulan Slash felt uneasy.</p>
    <p>“Relax. Discussion.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Discussion?” Loulan Slash asked. Did I do something wrong? Why did he use that word?</p>
    <p>“Discussing an alliance.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Alliance?” Loulan Slash was still confused.</p>
    <p>“Alliance to kill wild bosses.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Split between three?” Loulan Slash was somewhat astonished. Normally, with a God helping them, they had an overwhelming advantage. Why did they need extend an olive branch to Conquering Clouds?</p>
    <p>“Not necessarily. It could be between four, five, six.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What are you trying to get at?” Loulan Slash asked.</p>
    <p>“We should establish an alliance that can compete with the top guilds for the long term, not just using this opportunity to do a small bit of stealing.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash immediately understood. The top guilds were currently busy. Once this hype period was over, the fight for the bosses wouldn’t remain the same as they did now.</p>
    <p>“You were on planning on doing this from the start?” Loulan Slash asked.</p>
    <p>“No. I just thought of it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
