<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1022: Rolling Meat</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1022: Rolling Meat</h1>
    <p>Lord Grim, who only had 10% health remaining, clearly held the upper hand. A professional commentator wasn't needed to see that. Lord Grim's 10% health seemed to be immovable as if he had become invincible. On the other hand, One Autumn Leaf was like an open faucet, gushing blood. Even a Berserker wouldn't trade their health like this. This was irrefutable proof that One Autumn Leaf was at the disadvantage.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf still had half of his health left. In the previous exchanges, Sun Xiang had been constantly giving Lord Grim heavy injuries. He had felt the thrill of a predator playing with its food. He had felt like the fight was under his complete control. Ye Xiu seemed to be struggling, trying to hang onto his life. It's useless. Your time is already over…..</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang had been preparing to say these words the moment he won, but at this moment, the situation had flipped. No, to be more accurate, who had the upper hand was even more clear now. Before, Sun Xiang could feel his opponent's struggle, but now? Sun Xiang couldn't even struggle. Every attack from Lord Grim would make his head go blank as he failed to come up with any sort of counterplay.</p>
    <p>Where did I go wrong?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was feeling fretful. He watched as his health slowly bled away. He originally had fifty percent of his health left. In the blink of an eye, it turned to thirty percent. When his health reached twenty percent, he thought to himself: what had he done so far? He couldn't even struggle. He had been waiting for this opportunity to come for so long and this was going to be the outcome?</p>
    <p>In this match, the wide disparity between both sides could be easily seen.　</p>
    <p>He was young and brimming with talent. He was destined to leave his mark on the Glory Alliance in the near future. On the other hand, his opponent had been in retirement for a year. His most resplendent achievements had been made six years ago.</p>
    <p>He possessed the Battle God One Autumn Leaf. If the Battle God claimed second, no character would dare to claim first. On the other hand, his opponent had only just started leveling his character when the tenth server opened. It was a small character with a name that even begged to be laughed at. (TL: A more accurate translation for Lord Grim would be Please Don't Laugh)</p>
    <p>He had gone into the fight at full health, while his opponent had just finished an intense match and only had half of his health left. Even though Lord Grim was given time to recover, it was only until 70% health. The two sides hadn't started from the same line.</p>
    <p>For this match, let along losing, Sun Xiang wouldn't even accept an even match.</p>
    <p>But now, he seemed to be walking towards the abyss of defeat with every step he took, while Ye Xiu's Lord Grim was behind him, pushing him closer towards that abyss.</p>
    <p>Lose like this?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang's spirit suddenly rose as he saw Lord Grim slash towards his head. He immediately had One Autumn Leaf scrunch up into a ball and roll to the side. He wasn't out of Lord Grim's attack range. It could be be said that this dodge wasn't successful. It was a roll that no skilled player would have done.</p>
    <p>But Sun Xiang did it. Not waiting for the commentators to note this mistake, One Autumn Leaf dodged the blade, but didn't get up and instead continued to roll to the side.</p>
    <p>It was too ugly to look at. Along with Lord Grim's swing and the rolling One Autumn Leaf, it made the viewers think of the phrase: rolling meat**.</p>
    <p>This wasn't a good phrase. To make people think of this phrase signified just how unsightly One Autumn Leaf looked right now. The character that was known as the great Battle God and always viewed as Glory's number one character, it could actually move in such a vile manner?</p>
    <p>The crowd instantly fell into silence. Excellent Era's fans had trouble responding. As for Excellent Era's players? Tao Xuan was embarrassed. He even glanced to his left and right like a little thief, as if he didn't want others to see One Autumn Leaf's unsightly appearance.　</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, his hopes wouldn't come true. It wasn't just the crowd that saw this, but also the millions of people watching the broadcast.</p>
    <p>The entire Glory world might have frozen at this moment. One Autumn Leaf actually rolled several times in a row to get away from Lord Grim's combo.</p>
    <p>Would Ye Xiu be startled by this ugly move? Of course not.</p>
    <p>No one knew better than him that, although One Autumn Leaf's several rolls looked very ugly, these rolls were truly effective. Sun Xiang managed to save himself from Lord Grim's combo with that.</p>
    <p>The rhythm had been broken!　</p>
    <p>At this moment, the other side would most likely counter attack, and with Sun Xiang's personality, the counter attack would only be that much more impatient. Ye Xiu didn't dare to be negligent. He hastily had Lord Grim move back two steps to distance himself from his opponent. However, Ye Xiu discovered that One Autumn Leaf did the same thing.</p>
    <p>Not only was Sun Xiang not in a hurry to counter attack, he had his character retreat to distance himself.</p>
    <p>"This guy... focused again?" Ye Xiu was startled.　　</p>
    <p>The two characters confronted each other. Neither side made any rash moves. One Autumn Leaf was at 20% health. Lord Grim was at 10% health.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf's advantage was obvious, but he looked to be on the losing side. Not rushing forward to attack in this type of situation wasn't Sun Xiang's style. This guy was the type to think of himself as invincible, even if he only had 1% of his health left and would charge forward proudly to fight with his opponent. But at this moment, he unexpectedly chose to retreat?</p>
    <p>Normal players might not understand what this implied, but those who understood Sun Xiang's style would immediately notice this abnormality.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin and Li Yibo quickly explained this abnormality to everyone.</p>
    <p>Was this a talent about to go berserk? The two commentators concluded.</p>
    <p>The two characters started to move. They didn't rush forward, but instead moved horizontally, slowly closing the distance between them.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had long-ranged attacks, but he didn't use them at this moment. Instead, he maintained practically the same rhythm as Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf.</p>
    <p>"Both sides have began to play more cautiously. Neither side plans on making any rash moves." Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"This makes me think of when two masters confront each other in wuxia stories. Even though they're just standing still, neither side has any holes. Whoever moves first is the first to expose an opening." Pan Lin said.　　</p>
    <p>"Wow, it really does feel like that." Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"Then is Sun Xiang about to burst forth?" Pan Lin asked. He was clearly hoping for this to happen.</p>
    <p>However, that wasn't what happened.　　</p>
    <p>After the two sides carefully moved around, in the end, they started fighting again. Soon afterwards, Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf was suppressed again.</p>
    <p>A talent about to go berserk?</p>
    <p>What a joke! Pan Lin and Li Yibo once again felt like they had fallen into a trap.</p>
    <p>"Sun Xiang doesn't seem to have any way out of the combo!" Pan Lin returned back to the previous topic. When the two sides fought a few minutes ago, that was pretty much all he said.</p>
    <p>The match seemed to have gone back to the old road. Only Ye Xiu knew that that wasn't the case.</p>
    <p>Before, he had been carefully probing out the level of synergy between Sun Xiang and One Autumn Leaf and then found small holes he could exploit. But now, it was the reverse. Sun Xiang had started testing what those problems were using Ye Xiu's Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Previously, Sun Xiang's mind kept going blank. He wasn't focused, making it so he wasn't able to figure out where the problems lay. But this time, it was different. He was fully focused now. Sun Xiang was keenly inspecting where his problems were.　</p>
    <p>The holes that Ye Xiu had found were being patched up</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf's health was still bleeding away. Excellent Era's fans watched on with worry, but Sun Xiang wasn't the same. The more he played, the calmer he became. He found the problems one by one.</p>
    <p>These holes that Ye Xiu had uncovered couldn't help but make Sun Xiang somewhat fearful.</p>
    <p>These were problems that he himself hadn't been aware of, yet Ye Xiu was actually able to find them? And everything had been figured out during the match?</p>
    <p>He really is terrifying…...　</p>
    <p>This was the first time Sun Xiang felt fear. He had fought against Ye Xiu twice before. Even though he lost both times, the only thought he had was that he only lost by a little bit. If he was the one with One Autumn Leaf, then he would certainly have a crushing victory.　</p>
    <p>It was only now did he wake up from his delusion. One Autumn Leaf's title as Battle God hadn't come from just the Silver equipment on him. It was a character that had been raised step by step under Ye Xiu's control.</p>
    <p>The title was granted to the character, but in reality, the title should be granted to the player. It was the player who brought glory to the character.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang finally understood just how terrifying the Battle God was.</p>
    <p>However, this wasn't going to stop Sun Xiang's desire to win. His pride always told him that no matter how great the opponent was, he was better.</p>
    <p>The holes were quickly repaired. As soon as he figured out the problems, he just needed to be more aware to eliminate them. The imperfect synergy between him and his character was still there, but that itself wasn't fatal. It just meant that it wasn't perfect.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang had actually been quite happy about this discovery. His imperfect form could beat Ye Xiu. Wasn't that even greater evidence of his skill?</p>
    <p>The opportunity to counter attack was almost here! Sun Xiang looked at One Autumn Leaf's health. Ten percent. He had also locked onto this moment. On the other hand, Lord Grim's health hadn't gone down since then. It was pretty much at ten percent too.</p>
    <p>Perfect. Everyone's on an equal playing field. A fair victory begins now!</p>
    <p>When One Autumn Leaf's health dropped to ten percent, Sun Xiang finally sounded the horn to counterattack.</p>
  </body>
</html>
