<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1064: Bleak and Desolate Excellent Era</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1064: Bleak and Desolate Excellent Era</h1>
    <p>The playoffs advanced like wildfire. Happy's group had received invites from Lou Guanning and stayed over at Club Heavenly Swords for a few days. The two sides scrimmed with each other every day and watched the matches together. Apart from that, Lou Guanning started a discussion for any possibilities of continuing their collaboration with Happy.</p>
    <p>The two sides would be direct opponents in the league next season. There would be a direct collision of interests unlike before. Lou Guanning could be considered as starting off as a commoner and later becoming a nobleman. They first discussed and did a gentleman's agreement of what would be appropriate and what would be inappropriate for future collaborations in order to avoid any future disputes that would ruin the good relationship between them.</p>
    <p>After a hanging around for a few days, Happy returned home. When they left, Lou Guanning carefully told Ye Xiu a piece of news: "Excellent Era seems to want to sell One Autumn Leaf. They're currently making inquiries of our thoughts on the matter."</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Ye Xiu's expression was the same as always, "So what are your thoughts?"</p>
    <p>"20 million….. I think that's too much..." It wasn't known if Lou Guanning intentionally gave Ye Xiu the price. Lou Guanning laughed bitterly, "At our current level, having this type of character is too much of a waste."</p>
    <p>"You're quite rational now!" Ye Xiu felt moved.</p>
    <p>"One step at a time!" Lou Guanning smiled.</p>
    <p>"That's good. See you!" Ye Xiu called out and got ready to leave.</p>
    <p>"Then..." Lou Guannign hesitated, but still spoke, "One Autumn Leaf….. If you're short on cash, just say the word."</p>
    <p>"No need." Ye Xiu smiled, "It's the same as Excellent Era. It's all in the past."　</p>
    <p>"But what about Little Tang!" Lou Guanning pointed at Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>"If she wants it, then she can buy it herself." Ye Xiu said half-jokingly.</p>
    <p>Lou Guanning stared blankly. Then, he remembered Tang Rou's background and suddenly let out a laugh. Finally, he shook Ye Xiu's hands and bade farewell.</p>
    <p>City H, Club Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>It had been several days since the commotion. The current Club Excellent Era felt cold and desolate despite the scorching summer heat. There were no fans gathered outside the club. The signs scattered everywhere had already been cleaned up by the sanitation workers. There were only a few traces left in certain areas.</p>
    <p>The main entrance to Club Excellent Era was still shut tight. The surrounding people all said that the gate seemed to have never opened these past few days.</p>
    <p>In front of this entrance, Ye Xiu raised his head and looked at the Team Excellent Era emblem hanging there. Before, the team emblem was cleaned twice a week. Now, the team emblem hadn't been cleaned in several days and looked a lot duller.</p>
    <p>Zhi zhi zhi....</p>
    <p>The main entrance was carefully opened a tiny bit. Half a head peaked out and looked at Ye Xiu. That person was slightly surprised and then opened up the door a bit wider.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng walked in. The main entrance was immediately closed afterwards. The interior of Club Excellent Era seemed just as cold as the outside. Not a single person could be seen in the entire yard. The two walked towards Excellent Era's training center. Over here was where Excellent Era's players lived most of their daily lives: eating, sleeping, practicing... apart from away matches, it was completely possible for a player to not leave a step out of this area. Ye Xiu had lived that type of life for many years.</p>
    <p>They entered the building and went upstairs to the player residences. When they passed by the practice room, Ye Xiu heard the tapping of a keyboard and the clicking of a mouse.</p>
    <p>It was Glory.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu could tell. This was a game that he was incomparably familiar with. When he heard the rhythm of the keyboard taps and mouse clicks, he could even imagine what that player was doing.　</p>
    <p>There was still someone playing Glory in the Excellent Era practice room at this time?</p>
    <p>"You go pack up. I'm going to take a look." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Okay." Su Mucheng nodded her head and continued onwards to her room in the player residence area. Ye Xiu walked into the practice room.</p>
    <p>The door to the practice room wasn't closed. Ye Xiu walked inside gently and saw someone in front of a computer. He was playing Glory, the online Arena. This person was playing a Battle Mage and was currently in an intense battle with an opponent. However, with just a few glances, Ye Xiu had a rough idea of the situation. Everything went like he expected. Not even a minute passed and the Battle Mage was killed by the opponent…..</p>
    <p>"You suck." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The person sitting at the chair suddenly turned his head. When he saw Ye Xiu standing behind him, he stared blankly at him. For a long time, no words came out of his mouth.　</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan…...</p>
    <p>At this moment, the person playing Glory in the Excellent Era practice room was actually Excellent Era's boss, Tao Xuan. That Tao Xuan who usually stood up high and only came to the practice room for inspections.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu took out a cigarette box and nimbly shook a cigarette out towards Tao Xuan: "Did you stop smoking?"　</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan was surprised at first and then extended his hands out: "I'll take one!"</p>
    <p>After lighting up the cigarette, Tao Xuan immediately sucked in a deep breath. It was as if he had found something to place his burdens on.</p>
    <p>"How's the sale going?" After smoking until about half a cigarette left, Ye Xiu suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>"Not too well." Tao Xuan said, "There's too much. There are very few people who could even take it all in the first place. We aren't in the Alliance either, so the risk is too great. I've talked to several people, but the price was pushed down too much. It was impossible to negotiate."　</p>
    <p>"So?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Split it up." Tao Xuan said.</p>
    <p>"And then?" Ye Xiu asked.　　</p>
    <p>"Then….." Tao Xuan stared blankly, "There is no then."　</p>
    <p>Yes, there was no then…...</p>
    <p>Whether he sold the entire Excellent Era at once or parts of Excellent Era at a time, he would still be able to earn a huge amount of money. However, the timing was too poor. A situation where the seller must sell. There was no situation that could be worse than that for a seller. Any buyer who understood this point would calmly drag it on up until the price was satisfactory.</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan had always been trying to maximize profits, but in the end, he could only quietly watch as the originally high prices were pushed down. It was a huge mockery to him.</p>
    <p>But in any case, Tao Xuan would still be earning a considerable amount of money. But then what? Nothing. There was no place for him anymore in the Glory scene. The only thing that would accompany him would be the money that came from selling Excellent Era.　　</p>
    <p>And then…..　</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan had thought about it, but he couldn't come up with anything. Having so much money should have been something that anyone would be overjoyed about, but he was at a loss. He seemed to be trapped in that painful situation where he had nothing but money. He didn't know how to get out of it. Invest? Start a new business? Tao Xuan had thought about it, but he always felt dispirited and downcast. He might as well just play Glory and have some fun.</p>
    <p>Glory. He had obviously been a player once. If not, how could he have gotten to know Ye Xiu and Su Muqiu? But his skill level was limited and he was old. He wasn't someone who could stand on stage. In the end, he became a team manager.</p>
    <p>One charged out onto the battlefield. One operated the logistics of the business.</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan had originally thought that they would be the best partners together, but he realized after a while that they were moving farther and farther apart.</p>
    <p>Business is business. He began pursuing profits, while his partner only knew how to fight on the battlefield, not keeping up with his path.</p>
    <p>Gradually, Tao Xuan began thinking that if it wasn't for this partner holding him back, where would Excellent Era be at now?</p>
    <p>As Excellent Era failed to make profits year after year, this thought started to grow firm and take root in Tao Xuan's mind. The best partner that he had once envisioned had become the greatest hindrance to Excellent Era's growth.</p>
    <p>Finally, he set out to kick Ye Xiu from the team. But when he thought about it now, was that really for the sake of profits? Or was it due to envy? Tao Xuan didn't know. He only remembered that everyday, when he thought about how that guy was holding him back, he would often think about how if he were the Battle God, if he were One Autumn Leaf, he would certainly have led Excellent Era to even greater heights.</p>
    <p>He also longed for glory. After all, he had once been a Glory player too…..</p>
    <p>But what was the point of thinking about all of that now?</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan laughed bitterly and shook his head. Suddenly, the sound of the practice room door creaking could be heard. A person pushed the door open and walked in.　　</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought it was Su Mucheng. When he turned his head, he saw that it was Qiu Fei.</p>
    <p>"Senior..." Seeing Ye Xiu, Qiu Fei was startled.</p>
    <p>"It's been awhile." Ye Xiu smiled and gave a greeting.</p>
    <p>But then he saw Qiu Fei wrinkle his eyebrows at the two of them: "No smoking is allowed in the practice room."</p>
    <p>No smoking is allowed in the practice room? The two stared blankly. Yes, those were club rules, but at this moment, who cared if you followed the rules or not?</p>
    <p>One person was the boss of the club. The other was the team's former captain. They slowly put down the cigarettes in their mouth. Afterwards, they saw as Qiu Fei walked to his seat and sat down. He opened the computer and then started practicing.</p>
    <p>Practice?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked at the clock in the practice room. It was 9 AM. Yes, this was when Team Excellent Era would start practicing in the morning. Usually, the morning was targeted tech practice through a customized practice routine. In the afternoon, they would start practicing Glory for real. Qiu Fei was currently doing this morning routine, despite not knowing if Team Excellent Era even existed anymore.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was stunned for a long time. Finally, he let out a smile. He got up and left the practice room. As for Tao Xuan, he just watched as Qiu Fei practiced with single-hearted devotion for a long long time.</p>
    <p>Not long after leaving the practice room, Ye Xiu saw someone flash by him like a ghost. That ghost suddenly stepped back three times and rewinded back to that corner. He turned his head and looked carefully at Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Old Ye? You're back?" That person suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>"I'm just passing by." Ye Xiu chuckled, "What are you doing?"</p>
    <p>"All club operations have stopped. I've got to go too. Sigh, it's a pity for that new plan I just had..." This person sighed. Club operations had stopped. All employees would be dismissed. They would clearly be facing unemployment soon, but this guy was more worried that his new plan wouldn't be able to implemented.</p>
    <p>"Alright then, why not go to my place to continue doing research, Rongfei!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Your place?"　　</p>
    <p>"Yeah, Team Happy." Ye Xiu said.　　</p>
    <p>"Oh, research what?"</p>
    <p>"A lot of things like the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. Have you heard of it?" Ye Xiu said.　　</p>
    <p>"The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella!" This person's eyes instantly lit up. Immediately afterwards, he asked: "So when do I start?"</p>
  </body>
</html>
