<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1090: A Summer Not to be Overlooked</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1090: A Summer Not to be Overlooked</h1>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn't help but sigh at the list of materials sent by Guan Rongfei. If this list had been sent to any other club guild, it wouldn't have just been a sigh. A huge storm definitely would have erupted.</p>
    <p>Failing to get a wild boss was a common occurrence for any club guild, but frequently losing to a single guild somewhat broke the balance. And this imbalance had lasted for a year and a half already. Happy might not be completely monopolizing all of the wild bosses, but their profits this past year and a half far surpassed any other powerhouse. This was an undeniable reality.</p>
    <p>When the clubs did an inventory of their storages at the end of season nine, the guild departments all presented unsatisfactory reports. There were only so many wild bosses. One more wild boss won by that guild was one less wild boss for this guild. And now, Happy had taken so many wild bosses away. With just the remaining wild bosses, how could there be enough for any of them to reach their expected goals?　</p>
    <p>The guild departments were embarrassed. Their bosses had unsightly expressions.</p>
    <p>However, their bosses couldn't scold them too harshly. It was no secret how powerful Guild Happy was. Guild Happy had a God like Ye Xiu watching over. If their guild leader could beat Ye Xiu, then their guild leader would have been promoted to the team long ago to win the championships.</p>
    <p>Their only consolation was that their losses weren't special cases. Their other competitors were also knitting their brows over this issue.</p>
    <p>During this year and a half, they had tried all sorts of methods to solve this problem. When the Level 75 update came around, they even had their pro players rush into the game to increase their competitiveness without regard for their pro players' conditions.</p>
    <p>The effectiveness of the pro players joining in was very clear, but it wasn't absolute. After the update, it was still Guild Happy that led the pack.</p>
    <p>For example, their defeat at the battle for the Dragon Swordsman was not a unique case. It wasn't the first time that Happy had taken down the boss from the hands of other pro players.</p>
    <p>It was just that in this battle, there were top tacticians like Yu Wenzhou, Xiao Shiqin, and Wang Jiexi participating. These tacticians had distinctly felt a reality: they couldn't keep up with Ye Xiu's tempo in these in-game battles.</p>
    <p>Why is that?</p>
    <p>These experts instantly figured it out.　　</p>
    <p>Even though they also stood at the top of Glory, they had been separated from the game for a long time. They still held an extremely large advantage when clashing against normal players, but when facing an equally-skilled player like Ye Xiu, this difference only became more obvious.</p>
    <p>Although a bit exaggerated, one analogy would be that they were like noobs being beaten by an expert with far more experience than them.</p>
    <p>This was certainly an awkward situation. The guild players had in-game experience, but they weren't as skilled as Ye Xiu. The pro players had the skill, but they lacked the experience in large-scale wild boss battles.</p>
    <p>This wasn't a minor issue. Happy's dominance was somewhat inevitable.</p>
    <p>After the Dragon Swordsman battle, the participating guilds were all deeply reflecting on this issue.</p>
    <p>Right now, it was summer break in the league. For the pro players, this break was an official holiday. The clubs didn't have the legal right to demand them to do anything. They also had no obligation to undertake these in-game tasks. Even more importantly, helping out in the game was to improve their team's strength. However, with the summer transfer window open, players might very well switch to another team. Consequently, players without too stable of a position would find it difficult to improve their team's hardware. They would rather improve their own individual skill and improve what could be regarded as their software.</p>
    <p>Every player had their own thoughts, but no matter the case, every player was chasing after their dream for glory.　</p>
    <p>For Team Thunderclap, their players didn't seem to have any apprehensions about getting transferred away. They didn't even go back home this summer and instead stayed to help out the team.</p>
    <p>For Team Tiny Herb and Team Blue Rain, they had talented rookies with lots of room to grow. They didn't want to waste these two months of the summer, so they made training their rookies the name of the game. Both rookies were training intensely and receiving pointers from their respective teammates.</p>
    <p>For Team Hundred Blossoms, after rebuilding the team and experiencing a series of trials, they had finally walked out from their lowest point. Even though they had lost in the playoffs to Tyranny, everyone could see the fighting spirit of the new Team Hundred Blossoms. They were filled with ambition towards the new season. The day after being elminated from the playoffs, they had already started preparing for the new season. When Team Tyranny lost to Team Samsara in the finals, Zhang Jiale, who had come out of retirement and joined Team Tyranny, inevitably received hate from a few Team Hundred Blossom fans, but it was less than what people had expected. This was because more fans were invested in the new Team Hundred Blossoms. The fans had walked away from the past, looking forward to the new Team Hundred Blossom's future.</p>
    <p>Apart from that, there were other teams too.</p>
    <p>For Team Tyranny, the old generals hadn't given up yet. Would season ten be their last chance? No one knew the answer to that. Team Tyranny themselves might not know either, but they would treat it like their last chance and do everything they could because they could already feel that time was mercilessly dragging them from this world little by little. They needed to treasure every minute, every second. They definitely wouldn't let two months of vacation wear away their fighting spirit. </p>
    <p>For Team Samsara, while people were still in celebration over the defending champions, the team had snatched Excellent Era's Sun Xiang and Battle God One Autumn Leaf at lightning speed. Their determination for the new season could easily be seen from this. Three consecutive championship victories was the mark of a new dynasty. Team Samsara was walking the road to an even greater glory. This summer, they wouldn't be resting either.</p>
    <p>For Team Wind Howl, astonishing everyone became a common occurrence, getting them to third place in the regular season. They had progressed into the semifinals, but were beaten cleanly by Samsara and eliminated from the playoffs. Losing to the eventual champions couldn't be considered shameful, but for these proud and ambitious youths, this season had been like a tiger's head but a snake's tail. A loss was a loss. Even if others sympathized and forgave them, they didn't feel good about it at all. They wanted wins from start to finish.</p>
    <p>There was also Misty Rain, Void, 301, Royal Style, Conquering Clouds, Radiant, and Parade…..</p>
    <p>With Glory's season ten, the Glory competitive scene will have been around for ten years. It would the first complete season with Level 75s. Every team seemed to have a reason for not losing. Every team appeared to be more proactive. Because of their burning fighting spirit, this summer would blaze even more intensely.</p>
    <p>Another Level 75 wild boss battle.　　</p>
    <p>This was the focal point of the club guilds. It directly affected upgrading their team's Silver equipment to Level 75. If Ye Xiu had a list of materials from Guan Rongfei, how could the other guilds not have their own list?</p>
    <p>Barrier Mountains, Shadow Commander Shaan, a boss that mainly dropped Nightwalker class equipment and Nightwalker materials.</p>
    <p>Team Blue Rain's Warlock, Swoksaar. Team Blue Rain's Ninja, Dark Forest. Team Wind Howl's Thief, Mysterious Ghost. Team 301's Asssassin, Scene Killer.</p>
    <p>These four Nightwalker class All Stars were undoubtedly their team's core. The Shadow Commander Shaan were their biggest priorities. Apart from that, there was Samsara, Void, Thunderclap, and so on.... These teams all had Nightwalker classes as part of their main roster and wouldn't miss this opportunity. As for Happy, they had two Nightwalkers: Wei Chen's Warlock, Windward Formation, and Mo Fan's Ninja, Deception.　　</p>
    <p>At a mountain stream in Barrier Mountains, Shadow Commander Shaan spawned. A mantle covered his body. He seemed to blend into the shadows as he walked along the cliff. When the guilds received the news, they quickly crammed into the mountain stream. But when they saw the terrain, their heads immediately started hurting.</p>
    <p>To the left and right of the mountain stream were high cliffs. There was no way to arrange any proper formations. The mountain stream itself wasn't wide enough. There was only enough space for one group to fight with the boss, but right now, there were one, two, three, four…...</p>
    <p>F*ck, there's more groups than can be counted! Everyone was grumbling to themselves. Their guild leaders all kept silent because they were only the leaders in name. With the pro players watching over them, they tactfully stepped down to give them the authority, especially when the pro player was the captain.</p>
    <p>"Captain Yu, this isn't a good place to fight!" At Blue Brook Guild, guild leader Changing Springs was currently discussing the situation with captain Yu Wenzhou.</p>
    <p>"Mm..." Yu Wenzhou replied. His left hand was tapping the edge of his keyboard. He was also pondering over their situation.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian wasn't as quiet. He had dragged along Lu Hanwen, and the two Blade Masters had gone into hiding to who knew here. The only thing that Yu Wenzhou could hear was Huang Shaotian's voice rattling on from outside the game.</p>
    <p>"This time, we have to stay calm. We can't reveal our identities so easily. Ye Xiu is a very despicable player. As soon as he finds out it's us, he'll definitely try to kill us as fast as possible. It's just like last time. You know." Huang Shaotian was currently lecturing Lu Hanwen.</p>
    <p>"Senior, last time it was just you who revealed yourself, no? Who are you talking about when you say "we"?" Lu Hanwen asked.</p>
    <p>"Excuses! If you don't concentrate, he'll easily see through you." Huang Shaotian scolded.</p>
    <p>"But….. he doesn't seem to be here? I don't see Guild Happy." Lu Hanwen said.</p>
    <p>"Hmph, impossible." Huang Shaotian snorted, "He was just asking me on QQ where I was. He's definitely here. He's just hiding, that's all."</p>
    <p>"Oh, I get it." Lu Hanwen nodded his head, "Even if he wasn't originally going to be here, since you replied to him, telling him where you were, he'll definitely be on his way."</p>
    <p>"What?" Huang Shaotian stared blankly. Something didn't seem right with this logic?</p>
    <p>"Hanwen…... " Huang Shaotian spoke with heartfelt sincerity, "You know, my hands are incomparably fast. They move much faster than my mind. When I play, it's like that. Sometimes, by the time I realize what the problem is, it's like that too."</p>
    <p>"I get it. No wonder our captain often stresses that you need to control your hand speed. Lu Hanwen said.　</p>
    <p>"Hahaha, that's because he doesn't have this problem!" Huang Shaotian laughed out loud.</p>
    <p>"The captain's looking at us." Lu Hanwen had noticed that Yu Wenzhou seemed to be interested in their conversation.</p>
    <p>"Shut up! FOCUS! Do you know what focus means, Lu Hanwen!!!!" Huang Shaotian shouted loudly.</p>
  </body>
</html>
