<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1344: There Are No Ifs</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1344: There Are No Ifs</h1>
    <p>"Gunner god? A Sharpshooter 1  …" Happy's members began to imagine a Sharpshooter called Autumn Tree running through the game, but unexpectedly, Wei Chen shook his head.</p>
    <p>"No, not Sharpshooter. All of the Gunner subclasses."</p>
    <p>"All of the Gunner subclasses?"</p>
    <p>"Sharpshooter, Spitfire, Mechanic, Launcher," said Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>"Another expert like that!" Fang Rui exclaimed. Everyone understood this "another." Wasn't their Ye Xiu an even more ridiculous all-class expert, a king's avatar 2  ?</p>
    <p>"Actually, at that time, there were many people like that. Who didn't have main and side accounts? But very few could play every class to the limit like they did," said Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>"Then what happened later?" Fang Rui asked.</p>
    <p>"Later, wasn't it like Little Tang said, he died…" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Car accident, I'm not too sure about the details," Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>And then everyone looked at Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>"I don't know too much either, but after the Alliance was established and everyone was making teams to participate, he never appeared again. Probably someone asked Ye Xiu out of curiosity, and then the news spread that he had passed away. But the fact that he was Su Mucheng's older brother, no one knew that…" Wei Chen, the shameless old man, actually let out a sigh when he reached the end, with a face full of regret and pity.</p>
    <p>"How skilled was this person?" Fang Rui asked.</p>
    <p>"I'll say this. Whenever I fought against him, I didn't even have the chance to cast any curses," said Wei Chen, a profound respect in his voice.</p>
    <p>The members of Happy exchanged looks, but after a few moments, Wei Chen didn't see the expressions of shock that he was hoping for.</p>
    <p>"That's… not that impressive, is it?" Fang Rui finally said.</p>
    <p>"You bastard!" Wei Chen instantly knew what Fang Rui was implying. "This was over ten years ago! Back in those days, I was still a godlike youth!"</p>
    <p>"Damn!" Fang Rui looked like he couldn't listen to any more.</p>
    <p>"In any case, he was incredibly skilled!" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Compared to Ye Xiu, who was better?" Tang Rou always tended to care about the question of who was stronger.</p>
    <p>"This… They always fought side-by-side. We were all curious as to who was stronger between the two of them, but sadly there was never an answer. Not back then, and definitely not now. There never will be…" Wei Chen's expression was once again filled with melancholy.</p>
    <p>Everyone fell silent. For Fang Rui, Qiao Yifan, and the others, this was the first time they'd heard of this person, and so they couldn't truly empathize so quickly. But seeing the extremely shameless Wei Chen suddenly show such emotion, they could feel how tragic this was, the story of a young genius meeting a premature end.</p>
    <p>"If he had joined Excellent Era with Ye Xiu…" Even just thinking about this scenario, Wei Chen couldn't help but shiver.</p>
    <p>"If he were still here, what would things be like?" Tang Rou was also thinking about this.</p>
    <p>If only…</p>
    <p>Who wouldn't think about these sort of "ifs"? But such was the nature of "if," to refer to the impossible.</p>
    <p>"What kind of flowers are these now?" In front of Su Muqiu's grave, Ye Xiu watched as Su Mucheng placed down a bouquet.</p>
    <p>" Hyacinths 3  ."</p>
    <p>"Is there anyone else like you, changing the type of flower every year?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"There needs to be innovation," said Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>"Innovation?" Ye Xiu laughed. "So you use every type of flower to express this meaning in the flower language?"</p>
    <p>"He would like this kind of method," Su Mucheng said.</p>
    <p>"Yes." Ye Xiu nodded. The person who had imagined the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella and brought it into reality, was there anyone in Glory more innovative than him?</p>
    <p>And the things left behind from his innovation were still sparkling on the Glory battlefield.</p>
    <p>28 consecutive victories.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's hand reached into his pocket, where Lord Grim's account card was quietly lying. This record would be firmly bound to this character. And it hadn't finished yet, it was still being updated.</p>
    <p>I'll let this record last forever. But from the very start, I left out one match, to leave you a chance to surpass me.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu stretched out his hands to touch the gravestone. These were the hands currently controlling Lord Grim to write miracles in Glory.</p>
    <p>"If it wasn't me here right now, and it was my brother, what would things be like now?" Su Mucheng suddenly asked this question.</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Ye Xiu gave it serious thought, but he couldn't think of an answer.</p>
    <p>"Would it just always be, championship championship championship championship championship like that?" Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>"Maybe so!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"And Dancing Rain would definitely be more famous than now."</p>
    <p>"Not necessarily," said Ye Xiu. "Some guy with a female account is much much worse than a beautiful female player."</p>
    <p>"Haha," Su Mucheng laughed, and touched the gravestone with her hands as well.</p>
    <p>"Well, those things aren't really important," Su Mucheng said. "If only he could be here, that would be best."</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn't say anything, because… there were no ifs.</p>
    <p>This time, Chen Guo spent a longer time in front of her father's gravestone, because there were just too many things that had happened in this past year. She said many, many things, but she still couldn't finish it all.</p>
    <p>Their team winning the Challenger League.</p>
    <p>The difficulties they'd faced at the start of the season.</p>
    <p>Their team's crazy win streak.</p>
    <p>So many 10-0s.</p>
    <p>Every team member's improvements.</p>
    <p>The expanding guild.</p>
    <p>The developing account characters.</p>
    <p>And now, advancing toward the playoffs, the rhythm of sprinting toward the championship.</p>
    <p>There was really too much…</p>
    <p>Chen Guo actually grew tired from all the talking, and all that was just an overview. There were still many details, many other things she wanted to add!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was in a bit of a daze, not really knowing whether she should continue. Because of the fullness of this year, her tomb-sweeping method now became a bit unsuitable. There were too many things, she couldn't finish them all!</p>
    <p>"Boss, want to drink some water?" Right then, Chen Guo heard someone speak. When she turned her head, she saw Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng smiling as they stood by her side.</p>
    <p>Tomb-sweeping was a rather sad event. But Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng both knew that this year, to Chen Guo, was very happy, and for this year's tomb-sweeping, she wanted to bring this happiness here.</p>
    <p>"Oh oh, thank you." Chen Guo took the bottle of water and gulped down some mouthfuls.</p>
    <p>"You two are done?" she asked.</p>
    <p>"Yeah." The two of them nodded.</p>
    <p>"Alright, then let's go!"</p>
    <p>"You're done talking? It didn't seem like it?" Ye Xiu said. It looked like they'd been listening to the side for a while.</p>
    <p>"That's enough for today, I can come back and continue later. No one said that I can only come here on Qingming!" Chen Guo waved her hand, and took the lead in heading down the mountain.</p>
    <p>When they returned to Happy Internet Cafe, everyone was gathered in the training room. They'd all been huddled together and whispering to each other, but when the three entered, they all instantly returned to their seats, they all sat upright and attentive.</p>
    <p>"Went to sweep tombs?" Wei Chen asked with a cough.</p>
    <p>"Yeah."</p>
    <p>"Autumn Tree?" Wei Chen asked.</p>
    <p>"Right," Ye Xiu nodded. It was no surprise that the experienced Wei Chen knew this name.</p>
    <p>"It's a real pity," Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"No one said it wasn't!" Ye Xiu smiled, and took his seat as well.</p>
    <p>The room was quiet; no one dared to say anything else. For this sort of topic, it didn't feel right to ask the person in question to find out more. Everyone only knew that there was once a monstrously skilled Glory expert, but he left before he had the chance to strive for any glory. Compared to that, everyone here, whether strong or weak, whether new rookies or old veterans, they were still working hard to strive for everything. There was no greater fortune than that.</p>
    <p>Click click click click…</p>
    <p>The room was filled with nothing but the sounds of the computer mice and keyboards. Everyone was working hard for their own goals, but at the same time, everyone thought of the other burdens that they were carrying upon themselves.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen thought of his teammates from back when he was on Blue Rain. They had already left the Glory Alliance, left this battlefield. Some people he might still be able to meet in life, but others had already disappeared without a trace to unknown places. The championship was what they had pursued back then, but in the end they had all departed with regret. And now, Wei Chen again returned to this stage, with his old skills completely insufficient in coping with the intensity of today's matches. But even though this was the case, he could still carry his burdens, couldn't he? If he really could win the championship, then when his old brothers heard and saw it, wouldn't they feel that he had fulfilled for them their strings of conviction?</p>
    <p>This kind of feeling wasn't bad at all!</p>
    <p>"Hey!" After thinking to here, Wei Chen suddenly gave a rough shout.</p>
    <p>"Hey who?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"You!"</p>
    <p>"What's up?"</p>
    <p>"Next match, I want to play," Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Oh? Ready to blaze a fire?" Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>"Did you really think that I only came to watch?" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Not many rounds left, is it enough?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"It's enough," Wei Chen grinned arrogantly. "I understand matches much better than these noobs here."</p>
    <p>"Hmph…" The training room was instantly filled with boos.</p>
    <p>"I say, in terms of real Pro League experience, aren't you worse than me?" Fang Rui spoke up. He was a Season 5 player, and had now played for over five and a half years. And Wei Chen? His professional career had been only two seasons, two years. Plus, there had been fewer pro teams at the time and skill levels were all over the place. The competition format was entirely different from what it was today.</p>
    <p>"Pro League?" Wei Chen sneered. "Why do I call you noobs? This battlefield is called Glory. The Pro League is no more than a part of it."</p>
    <p>"So you're saying you're about to go to Heavenly Domain and get some materials for us?" Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>"You look like you need to be taught a lesson! 1v1, let's go!" Wei Chen shouted.</p>
    <p>"Who's scared of you! Make the room," Fang Rui yelled.</p>
    <p>And thus the two went to compete in shamelessness and dirty playing. To the side, everyone else was listening and laughing, but they were all sprinting forward with more active, more positive, more hardworking attitudes.</p>
    <p>The past could only be turned into ifs and remembered in the heart. Only the present could truly be grasped, and only by grasping the present could they take control of the future.</p>
    <p>Nine rounds remaining.</p>
    <p>Everyone looked at the leaderboard in the training room. There were still nine full rounds remaining. Play these nine rounds well, then they would enter the playoffs, and step upon an even more brutal journey. Everything had to be grasped tightly, starting from now.</p>
  </body>
</html>
