<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 200 – PKPKPKPKPKPK</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 200 – PKPKPKPKPKPK</h1>
    <p>Congee Forest. Ye Xiu told everyone to meet here. At this moment, he was also rushing towards there with his Lord Grim. However, he hadn’t fully thrown off the pursuers yet.</p>
    <p>Even though he had fully utilized his abilities and stamina to widen the distance, he had no way of completely breaking away from the pursuers. The other side had many, many players and any random player nearby could be one of their eyes.</p>
    <p>Escaping by using the pursuers’ dead angles. Ye Xiu was also using this type of method.</p>
    <p>However, as he ran, he suffered from a barrage of trash talk.</p>
    <p>“PK! PK! PK! PK! PK!”</p>
    <p>Right when it was almost midnight, Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree unexpectedly came online and once again began bothering Ye Xiu to fight him in the Arena.</p>
    <p>“I’m busy!” Ye Xiu replied firmly.</p>
    <p>“You can run dungeons later!!” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“If you know that I’m going to run dungeons, why don’t you come on earlier?”</p>
    <p>“If I come on earlier, are you there? Are you there? Are you there?” Huang Shaotian replied.</p>
    <p>“Uh, not today…… tomorrow!” Ye Xiu thought. Today, he had gone to read Concealed Light’s Idiot’s Guides. He really hadn’t been online in the evening and had only come on at 11:30.</p>
    <p>“You said it!”</p>
    <p>“Yeah.”</p>
    <p>“Your word counts!</p>
    <p>“Yeah.”</p>
    <p>“Okay then!” Huang Shaotian said and then went quiet.</p>
    <p>These Gods were both players with frightening hand speed. Ye Xiu chatted while he made his Lord Grim continue running. His speed hadn’t slowed down much.</p>
    <p>However after only quietly running for a few minutes, he suddenly received another message. Since he had to pay attention to Su Mucheng and the other team members’ situation, Ye Xiu had to keep his chat box open. But when he looked, he saw that it was Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree again: “PKPKPKPKPKPK!!!!!!”</p>
    <p>Not waiting for Ye Xiu to reply, another message came: “It’s ‘tomorrow’.” A happy face emoticon even came after this.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked at when the message was sent: 00:01:08. He was speechless.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up hurry up hurry up. You said ‘tomorrow’. It’s already tomorrow.” Huang Shaotian continued to type.</p>
    <p>“Come to Congee Forest.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“For what?” Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“It’s a long story. If you come, you’ll know.”</p>
    <p>Congee Forest was completely silent. Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree came and looked around, but only saw two players who were leaving after finishing their quests. There wasn’t any sign of Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>“I’m here. Where are you?” Huang Shaotian messaged.</p>
    <p>“Almost there.”</p>
    <p>“Why here?” Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“PK.”</p>
    <p>“F*ck! I’m going to use my main account.” Huang Shaotian shouted.</p>
    <p>“Not in the Arena. Real PK in the wild.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“You’re four levels higher than me! Aren’t you ashamed of yourself?” Huang Shaotian replied.</p>
    <p>“I thought you’d feel ashamed.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What should I be ashamed of?”</p>
    <p>“Don’t you feel ashamed?”</p>
    <p>“Why should I be ashamed?”</p>
    <p>“That’s good. As long as you don’t feel ashamed.”</p>
    <p>“Hey hey! What are you saying!!” As soon as this message was sent, Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree left the forest and saw Lord Grim in front of him, alternating between moving slowly and quickly. He was using the common, pro-player technique for optimizing stamina usage and was running towards him.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree met up with him and just as he was about to say something, he immediately saw a wave of dust rolling forward not far behind Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>“What’d you do?” When Lord Grim reached in front of him, Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“Didn’t you want to PK? Go up, hero!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Are you joking? Do you know who I am? How could I bully normal players!” Huang Shaotian shouted.</p>
    <p>“Weren’t you asking why you should be ashamed?’ Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“F*ck. I wasn’t talking about this.” Huang Shaotian felt depressed. He had used ‘tomorrow’ to trick him, which Ye Xiu responded with his own “ashamed” counter.</p>
    <p>“Yo, there’s quite a lot of people. What’d you do?” Huang Shaotian looked at the incoming pursuers. There were at least twenty or thirty people. To gather up like this just for a single person, this was rarely seen.</p>
    <p>“I set dungeon records.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian stared blankly for a bit and then realized what was going on. He laughed out loud: “Serves you right! To let you be so arrogant. To let you be so shameless! What’s your identity? Stealing records from new server players! How shameful!”</p>
    <p>“What’s so shameful about that? Right now, I’m just a normal player too. Taking records is normal.” Ye Xiu plainly said, “But you! You probably haven’t seen such a large mob in a while! Are you scared?”</p>
    <p>“Tch. How could I go against normal players. I’ll keep my distance from you.” Huang Shaotian said. He really did let his Flowing Tree pull away from Lord Grim a bit. At the moment, a large mob of characters stormed into the forest.</p>
    <p>“There’s someone here!!” Quite a few noticed Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>In this team of pursuers, there was a guild leader level character, Samsara’s tenth server leader, Lonely Drink. He had failed last time to rope in Lord Grim. He had been especially infuriated when the other side used Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V to reply to him. In the current alliance, he was one of the more active members. When he heard where Lord Grim’s and his team’s whereabouts were, he didn’t choose to go to the nearest member, but chose to directly pursue Lord Grim. It couldn’t be denied that the reason was mostly due to his own selfish reasons.</p>
    <p>“Flowing Tree…..” Lonely Drink saw this ID. He recited it and felt that it was a bit familiar.</p>
    <p>“He’s the one who helped Lord Grim set the Boneyard record!” Someone suddenly shouted in the crowd.</p>
    <p>Some shouted out in surprise at Flowing Tree’s appearance. Others were checking the dungeon record rankings. It seemed like Samsara’s players were the calmest. They had a guild leader, and with a leader here, they only had to wait for his orders.</p>
    <p>“He’s with Lord Grim. Don’t be polite.” Lonely Drink decided. As soon as Samsara’s people heard their guild leader speak, they immediately rushed forward without hesitation. With people leading the way, the players from the other guilds followed as well. Thirty members suddenly headed towards Flowing Tree together.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, what are you doing?” Huang Shaotian was startled. How did he pull in aggro? He immediately had Flowing Tree run further into Congee Forest.</p>
    <p>“Don’t let any of them go!” Lonely Drink shouted.</p>
    <p>Those that were under him listened to him as well as a few of the players from the other guilds. A mob of players split into two groups; one group went to chase Flowing Tree, while the other group ran towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Ye Xi’s response was the same as Huang Shaotian’s. He also had Lord Grim run further into the forest. Flowing Tree wasn’t too far from him and at this moment, he understood what was going on. He began chatting angrily, nonstop. Ye Xiu completely ignored him as if he wasn’t listening.</p>
    <p>The two ran someplace and then suddenly split; one left, one right. Right at this moment, the pursuers saw the two split. Lonely Drink didn’t hesitate and chased after Lord Grim. A few players made a suggestion: If there are already people chasing on that side, then we should go to this side! As a result, the remaining players rushed towards Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>Just as they began running, someone shouted: “Wait.”</p>
    <p>No one waited. Everyone continued to chase. This person could only run while saying: “I just searched up Flowing Tree. He’s Level 27! Level 27! Why are we be chasing him?”</p>
    <p>Everyone heard this. Some players stopped because what he said was true.</p>
    <p>Level 27. At this level, the character could only run Boneyard, but that was already past them.</p>
    <p>The game progressed this way. The closer they got to the end-game, the early-game records would become less and less valuable. For example, the Frost Forest record. When the players were all Level 20, when the record was set, everyone felt that the team was extremely amazing and that the guild was powerful.</p>
    <p>But this “amazing” impression wouldn’t continue being kept. It needed other records to keep up the image and it needed records for dungeons at the peak of the current state of the game. Only these high-leveled dungeons would be noted by players.</p>
    <p>At the present state of the game, it would be great to go up on TV for the Line Canyon dungeon records. Even if they weren’t the final holders of the record, it would still be more valuable than setting a new one for Frost Forest. Plus, whoever held the final record could use it as proof of their strength.</p>
    <p>All of the experienced players understood this. The reason Chen Yehui was able to create such a movement was because of this. As long as they could kill Lord Grim and his team a few times, they would be able to stall their leveling speed and restrict their development.</p>
    <p>As long as they could widen the distance in their levels, future dungeon records would be fought for as usual by the big guilds, and by the time Lord Grim leveled to there, the records would no longer be as valuable. By then, the tenth server players would already be paying attention to higher-leveled dungeons.</p>
    <p>By maintaining this type of level difference, it didn’t matter how great Lord Grim’s strength was because the impact he’d have on the big guilds’ development would be greatly reduced.</p>
  </body>
</html>
