<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1528 - Flowing Sand Dunes</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1528 - Flowing Sand Dunes</h1>
    <p>“What?” Not just the spectators, but Happy’s teammates were having trouble understanding what Ye Xiu was doing. Fang Rui had his Boundless Sea posing for a camera, but he obviously didn’t actually think that Ye Xiu was lining them up for a picture.</p>
    <p>“If you’re standing in the sunlight, it’s hard to differentiate between you guys at a glance,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The others on Happy immediately understood what he was getting at. If Ye Xiu couldn’t differentiate between them, then their opponents wouldn’t be able to either. This meant that it would be hard for Tyranny to determine what attacks they were planning on using. It was a characteristic of the map that could be taken advantage of.</p>
    <p>The viewers could see Happy’s chat, so they quickly caught on as well. Everyone loved to see the players communicate their goals in the chat. Teams with too much synergy wouldn’t speak much, often leaving the viewers puzzled.</p>
    <p>“Let me see,” Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain walked over to Lord Grim’s spot and turned to look at the setting sun. Amidst the warm red sunlight, only the silhouettes of the characters could be seen. Under these circumstances, it was indeed very difficult to tell what attack or move was being used.</p>
    <p>“Yes yes yes…” Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea walked over to take a look and expressed his approval.</p>
    <p>“Maybe we can set something up over here to take advantage of it?” Fang Rui suggested as he watched Tyranny come closer and closer.</p>
    <p>“I doubt Tyranny would overlook this possibility. We just need to be on guard against them taking advantage it. Apart from that, if a chance arrives, we can try taking advantage of it too,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The countless viewers looking at Happy’s chat felt somewhat ashamed. They had thought that Happy could set something up using this discovery, but when they saw Ye Xiu’s words, they realized that they had looked down on Tyranny too much. To think they would feel as if Tyranny would overlook an important detail in the map that they had chosen themselves.</p>
    <p>“How are we going to fight them?” Fang Rui asked. They had made several insights into the map, but in the end, they hadn’t come up with a plan.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu finally issued out orders telling them where to stand.</p>
    <p>No one questioned him. The rest of Happy immediately went into position according to Ye Xiu’s instructions. Tyranny was about to reach the bottom of their sand dune, but when they saw Happy’s arrangements, they immediately changed directions.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui looked behind him and saw the setting sun. From Tyranny’s actions, it looked like Tyranny knew about the effects of the sun on the map. Ye Xiu’s arrangements had been to take advantage of the sunlight, but Tyranny noticed it and immediately made adjustments. Tyranny no longer faced the sun, instead choosing to rush in from the side.</p>
    <p>“Let’s go!” Ye Xiu led the team forward. Tyranny stopped. Happy stopped. This time, the others on Happy didn’t need Ye Xiu to instruct them. They understood what he wanted to do and carried it out themselves. Ye Xiu wanted to take advantage of the sun behind them, using it to stop Tyranny from approaching.</p>
    <p>This time, Tyranny didn’t give chase. They simply waited at the bottom of the sand dune. There was no communication in the chat, so the viewers didn’t know what they were thinking.</p>
    <p>“Coach Li?” Pan Lin was starting to make Li Yibo feel sick.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo felt his head hurt. He had a certain understanding of Tyranny, but right now, he couldn’t see through their thoughts. Under Zhang Xinjie’s lead, Tyranny should be taking the more reliable approach. In this case, the reliable approach was to circle around a bit farther. Eventually, they would be able to escape from the influence of the sun. Instead, Tyranny had stopped. What were they thinking? There was nothing in their chat either. It seemed like everyone already knew what to do.</p>
    <p>“They’re probably waiting for the right opportunity,” In the end, Li Yibo had to say something. He had to resort to using a word like “probably” implying that he wasn’t sure.</p>
    <p>“What will this opportunity be? Let’s wait and see,” Pan Lin spoke tactfully. When he heard Li Yibo’s uncertainty, he immediately knew that he shouldn’t continue pursuing this topic.</p>
    <p>Tyranny stood still at the bottom of the dune. Happy stood still at the top of the dune. Tyranny wasn’t communicating, but Happy was.</p>
    <p>“Let’s see what they’re planning,” Ye Xiu said calmly.</p>
    <p>“Should I send out a probing attack?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>“Sure,” Ye Xiu agreed.</p>
    <p>In terms of distance, Tyranny was within Dancing Rain’s range. But because Dancing Rain held the high point, she had to take in account the height difference. She could reach them if she calculated the angle well enough, but this sort of max-ranged attack wasn’t any sort of threat to them.</p>
    <p>Even so, as soon as Dancing Rain raised her cannon, Tyranny collectively retreated back a few steps.</p>
    <p>“I can’t hit them…” Su Mucheng felt that it was a pity. Dancing Rain lowered her cannon.</p>
    <p>“How careful,” Ye Xiu sighed. Zhang Xinjie wasn’t even willing to give them the slightest of opportunities.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu suddenly noticed that his vision had become somewhat hazy. Just when he was wondering what it could be, there was finally some signs of movement.</p>
    <p>The movement was the wind, blowing from the north to the south. The sand seemed to be like a wave as the wind swept it up, slowly gathering beneath the sand dune.</p>
    <p>Tyranny wanted to use the wind to start the fight!</p>
    <p>Although Ye Xiu didn’t have a deep understanding of the map, he had much experience! He had guessed what sort of medicine Tyranny was brewing.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang bang, the sound of gunfire could be heard. Zhang Jiale and Qin Muyun, the two Gunners, open fired at the sand. The sand lifted up from their attacks was swept up by the wind, adding to the growing whirlwind of sand.</p>
    <p>How big could it get? Big enough to completely cover an entire team?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn’t sure, but more and more sand was building up, and the whirlwind was getting denser and denser. More importantly, the wind was picking up as well. This was Tyranny’s biggest assurance for their plan.</p>
    <p>It’s coming!</p>
    <p>The sand that had gathered reduced the visibility to only a few steps distance, which was more than enough to cover up Tyranny’s movements. Happy could no longer see Tyranny as the whirlwind of sand quickly approached them…</p>
    <p>That was what Happy thought at least. However, the viewers could see that Tyranny wasn’t in a hurry. They weren’t in a hurry to use this sandstorm to approach Happy. Although their movements were already covered, they controlled their pace as if they were waiting for something.</p>
    <p>What are they waiting for?</p>
    <p>No one knew. The viewers only knew that Happy had started moving. The sandstorm passed over the sand dune, swallowing them up.</p>
    <p>Right when Lord Grim stepped to the side, he immediately realized that something wasn’t right.</p>
    <p>“Be careful beneath you” He quickly warned, but the others on Happy had taken the step already and lost their balance.</p>
    <p>The sand was moving down from the sand dune. The ground beneath them wasn’t stable. The movement of the sand wasn’t slow either, and it couldn’t be seen from the surface.</p>
    <p>To think they hid such a move!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu knew that they wouldn’t be able to escape from Tyranny. Sand filled the skies and silently flowed beneath them. The entire sand dune seemed to be collapsing.</p>
    <p>Everyone on Happy wass struggling to keep their balance. This wasn’t a situation that could be kept under control through normal movements.</p>
    <p>Rotor Wings!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu realized it the earliest and reacted the fastest. Lord Grim flew into the air, dispelling the effects of the sand.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The sound of cannonfire rang. Su Mucheng used Aerial Cannon, and Dancing Rain seemed to hop across the sand like a dragonfly touching water. Not far from her, Little Cold Hands floated into the air, using Angel Wings to rise.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui and Tang Rou used skills to deal with the sand. However, since they didn’t have any way to directly avoid it, they could only forcefully blow away the sand around them to disrupt the flow of sand and give them an opportunity to adjust themselves.</p>
    <p>Happy’s five players each used their own methods to resist the sand and looked to be doing it skillfully. However, Ye Xiu knew that this wouldn’t last long. For example, the skills that Lord Grim and Little Cold Hands used had a time duration. They couldn’t keep using it forever, and the movement of the sand couldn’t be seen from the surface. They knew didn’t know where to land. What’s worse, it was about time for Tyranny to start their attacks.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Ye Xiu’s judgement was correct. Gunfire! Tyranny’s two gunners had started firing at them. Even if Ye Xiu had predicted it and warned everyone to be careful, what could they do?</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang bang…</p>
    <p>The wings on An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands was instantly riddled with holes. When he fell, he was immediately swept up by the sand, and An Wenyi didn’t have any other methods to escape from it.</p>
    <p>He was their healer though, and he had to be saved. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim immediately headed towards him. Tyranny wasn’t in a hurry to strike Little Cold Hands, firing towards Lord Grim instead.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu cancelled Rotor Wings in midair and plummeted down.</p>
    <p>He had determined the direction of the bullets and figured out Tyranny’s location. Perhaps the ground over there was more stable.</p>
    <p>“Follow me!” Ye Xiu didn’t forget to call out to everyone. Right now, even if he didn’t want clash with them, he had no choice but to.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim used a skill in midair, following the slope of the sand dune. With this, he dropped down very far and looked to be having an easy time. But when he saw Tyranny, he could only grumble bitterly. They had been waiting for him!</p>
    <p>Soaring Tiger!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing wasn’t polite. He locked onto the Falling Light Blade. Desert Dust jumped towards him and kicked.</p>
    <p>But as soon as Ye Xiu saw Tyranny waiting for him, he knew the situation wasn’t good. How could he just keep going? He cancelled Falling Light Blade, but intentionally let himself continue falling towards them to keep Tyranny’s attention onto him. When he saw Desert Dust approach, he immediately had Lord Grim finish the hand seals.</p>
    <p>The shadow clone left behind poofed into smoke when Desert Dust struck. Ye Xiu was quite bold. Lord Grim had teleported directly into the center of Tyranny’s formation.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust wasn’t there though. There were only long-ranged attackers there.</p>
  </body>
</html>
