<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1330: Joint Attack</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1330: Joint Attack</h1>
    <p>Could Kind Tree hit Soft Mist?</p>
    <p>Everyone was nervously watching for this, but then heard, with a shlink, a blade of sword energy unsheath and arc through the air.</p>
    <p>"Sword Draw? This close?!" Li Yibo exclaimed in shock.</p>
    <p>Yes, Lord Grim and Vaccaria stood so close, and at such a distance, Sword Draw shouldn't have had a chance to be used. Before the sword even came out of the sheathed, it would've probably already been suppressed. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>However, right now, Lord Grim's Sword Draw successfully arced through the air in a circle. Not only did Wang Jiexi not block the attack, but he was jumping back to dodge as well, and Kind Tree, behind him, was instantly exposed to the sword energy of this Sword Draw. Gao Yingjie wasn't slow, but it was too late now. Blood splashed into the air, and his advance had been pushed back by Lord Grim's Sword Draw. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>How did this Sword Draw find its way out?</p>
    <p>Everything had happened too quickly, and no one had been paying attention to that moment. Playback? During such an intense moment, how could they have time to watch a playback? It was unfortunate, but probably only Wang Jiexi was the only other person who understood why Sword Draw was successful. It was because… Lord Grim's weapon was the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella!</p>
    <p>The ribs of the umbrella at the top flipped up into spear form had stopped Stardust Extermination's attack. At the same time, the bottom of the shaft was unsheathed into sword form in a Sword Draw, allowing Lord Grim to successfully use this skill at such a distance. For any normal Blade Master, it would be impossible to parry another's attacks and use Sword Draw at the same time. In other words, this was a pace that was unique to unspecialized Lord Grim, the unspecialized blitz that no one had been able to counter yet.</p>
    <p>If you didn't experience it personally, then it really was hard to notice!</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi thought to himself, already back on the offensive after dodging Sword Draw's sword energy.</p>
    <p>"Xiaobie, behind you!" At the same time, he sent this message.</p>
    <p>Shlink!</p>
    <p>Sword Draw appeared once more on the field. Liu Xiaobie didn't even look. His Flying Swords turned half way and sent out a wave of sword energy. Behind him, Boundless Sea was charging over. Fang Rui naturally couldn't see Wang Jiexi's warning and this attack came abruptly to him. It was just unfortunate that this wasn't the best distance for such an attack. Wang Jiexi was in an intense battle himself, after all. A warning was already good enough; there was no way he could help Liu Xiaobie calculate the timing, too. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>His relatively far distance gave Fang Rui enough time to react. Boundless Sea jumped backwards, avoiding the strike, but Liu Xiaobie couldn't just ignore Boundless Sea and continue attacking Little Cold Hands. He immediately made a decision to advance on Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>That was when Little Cold Hands raised his cross and began to cast, a holy white light shining like a flame on the cross.</p>
    <p>"Xiaobie, behind you!" On the field, Tiny Herb's five members had different views of the field, and it was natural for them to warn others of these sneak attacks when they saw it. Right then, it was Tiny Herb's healer, Yuan Baiqing, that saw Little Cold Hands casting. He realized, with a single glance, that Little Cold Hands wasn't aiming to heal, but to attack. This was a Sacred Fire.</p>
    <p>Seeing another warning, Liu Xiaobie knew who was behind him. Striking wouldn't be able to interrupt the other this time. He could only dodge! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Move, turn! Flying Swords rapidly dodged to one side. Now, he didn't dare let either Boundless Sea nor Little Cold Hands out of his sight. He was trying to find a good vantage point now. As for Little Cold Hand's attack, he must've dodged it, right?</p>
    <p>Indeed, he had dodged it and the Sacred Fire didn't even touch Flying Swords. Just as the holy white flame jumped, Little Cold Hands turned and Yuan Baiqing realized that something was wrong.</p>
    <p>"Captain!" He never would've thought that Little Cold Hands' Sacred Fire wasn't directed at Liu Xiaobie's Flying Swords, but at Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>His incorrect warning not only interrupted the offensive Flying Swords who was charging at Boundless Sea, but also made Wang Jiexi let his guard down.</p>
    <p>Damn it!</p>
    <p>Yuan Baiqing was frustrated with himself. However, even if he could go back and redo things, what should he do? Little Cold Hands had such precise control over the timing of skills, able to finishing adjusting his aim at the very last moment of his casting. Even if he had realized that Vaccaria was being targeted and gave such a warning, Little Cold Hands would probably adjust Sacred Fire so that it was aimed at Flying Swords instead. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The other acted in accordance to Tiny Herb's actions. He couldn't not warn, but doing so didn't do them any good. The only way would have been to interrupt the skill. Unfortunately, it was too late now. The holy white Sacred Fire flared, and Wang Jiexi, facing off against the unspecialized blitz, was oblivious to the danger. An Wenyi's judgement was precise, and the Sacred Fire vanished practically the moment it flared, but everyone could see how this holy white flame latched itself onto Vaccaria's form.</p>
    <p>Not bad at all!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria's view clearly turned towards Little Cold Hands for a moment, seeming to have glanced towards the young player over there.</p>
    <p>However, how much use would it be?</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi didn't panic at all and didn't make any extra actions apart from the glance he gave Little Cold Hands. He didn't stop either. Vaccaria was still doing whatever he had been doing before. Sacred Fire's three seconds of silence could be fatal, but for a Witch, they used all sorts of magic tools to strengthen their brooms in close combat. They had little to no skills which were directly used to attack. Using tools to strengthen their broom, in the end, the effects were only displayed through normal attacks. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>In the next three seconds, Vaccaria had merely lost the enhancements from his magic tools, weakening his attacks. To a Witch, this wasn't a fatal blow. In fact, he didn't even need to stop his offensive. Normal attacks, Vaccaria had already been using normal attacks originally!</p>
    <p>Stardust Extermination continued to sweep forth and Lord Grim swung his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, parry!</p>
    <p>However, in the moment he parried Stardust Extermination, Lord Grim's figure suddenly swayed.</p>
    <p>A seemingly useless action, but like that, a bloom of light appeared in front of Wang Jiexi's eyes.</p>
    <p>Heat-Seeking Missiles!</p>
    <p>Sweep it away? Stardust Extermination had just been knocked to the side by the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. It was too late.</p>
    <p>Dodge it? Heat Seeking Missile's AoE wasn't small, and he was also under the silencing effect of Sacred Fire and was thus unable to fly on his broom.</p>
    <p>The other member of his team wouldn't be able to get there in time to help, so Wang Jiexi could only watch as the missile plummeted towards him, boosted by the flames it spat and splitting the air with a piercing howl.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The immense mushroom cloud enveloped Vaccaria's form at once and the other members of Tiny Herb could only watch, unable to help. They even had to be careful that they themselves weren't caught up in the shockwave.</p>
    <p>The three seconds of Sacred Fire's silence also ended then, but all of Happy's members launched attacks at that swaying, but still present figure in the smoke.</p>
    <p>Flash Burst! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart! </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>X-1 Extruder!</p>
    <p>Three characters, three directions, in addition to Lord Grim who stuck to Vaccaria's side. Their attacks disregarded all else. Tiny Herb didn't just have Wang Jiexi, after all, they still had Xu Bin, still had Gao Yingjie, still had Liu Xiaobie, but Happy completely ignored these three attackers, even if attacks came towards them.</p>
    <p>They might not be able to stop these attacks, but they could disrupt them. So long as there was an opening in the opponent's formation, Wang Jiexi would be able to get Vaccaria out. All of Tiny Herb's members were infinitely confident in that, so they each chose their quickest attacks.</p>
    <p>Star Refraction! Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree cast out a star card.</p>
    <p>Roar! Xu Bin's Angelica bellowed, releasing the Knight's AoE taunt skill.</p>
    <p>Shadow Steps! Liu Xiaobie's Flying Swords immediately split into eight, all swarming forwards to disrupt Happy's offensive.</p>
    <p>Even Yuan Baiqing's Aweto, seeing that he was being ignored, silently began to cast a Hypnosis.</p>
    <p>Whose skill would be faster?</p>
    <p>After Star Refraction's star card cracked open, Star Ray shot out, striking each of Happy's members. However, Dancing Rain's X-1 Extruder had already been released, and attacking the character wouldn't knock the X-1 Extruder off course.</p>
    <p>Knocked by the refraction, Soft Mist swayed to the side, but Dancing Fire Flowing Flame in her hand remained on course under her mechanics.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui once again displayed his cunning as a Master of Dirty Play. Before the Star Refraction hit, he purposefully turned Boundless Sea slightly, and thus, the attack knocked Boundless Sea back to his original position.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim, well, his actions were even more simple. Myriad Manifestations Umbrella opened up and he just ignored everything behind him.</p>
    <p>As for Angelica's Roar?</p>
    <p>The Knight's aggro-pulling skill was the ultimate counter to this sort of focused attack, but Xu Bin wasn't so optimistic. He had a Knight's Roar, but his opponents weren't bereft of a method to stop it.</p>
    <p>Calm and Composed!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Boundless Sea immediately stopped his Flash Burst when Angelica used Roar, releasing a Calm and Composed instead. All characters in range would be cleared of fear, taunts, and other such statuses.</p>
    <p>Knowing that the opponent had a Qi Master, Xu Bin had already expected this, However, this at least interrupted Boundless Sea's Flash Burst, and that would at least give Vaccaria an opening, right?</p>
    <p>In the yet to disperse smoke, Vaccaria's form charged in Boundless Sea's direction as expected, but in the next moment, Lord Grim had darted in front of him.</p>
    <p>Swerve!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria, flicked the handle of his broom, changing direction in midair and flying low with the body bowed.</p>
    <p>Shining Cut! </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>With a flash of cold light, Lord Grim once again flashed in front of Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>Swerve again!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria turned a full right angle.</p>
    <p>Charge, Lord Grim skidding in front of him.</p>
    <p>Swerve again! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>This time, Vaccaria shot upwards towards the sky. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>There was a humming sound, and Wang Jiexi recognized it as the sound of Rotor Wings. Lord Grim had flown up as well.</p>
    <p>Too slow! Watching Lord Grim use that skill in an attempt to fly up and block him, Wang Jiexi felt rather incredulous.</p>
    <p>"Captain, behind you!" However, he soon saw such a warning in the team chat, four such warnings, one from each player.</p>
    <p>Too late.</p>
    <p>Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart pierced through his chest.</p>
  </body>
</html>
