<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1550 - Last Hope</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1550 - Last Hope</h1>
    <p>Amidst a rain of bullets, Mo Fan repeatedly ran and dodged a total of twelve times. Two times he was interrupted. Seven times nothing came of it. However, he succeeded three times, and the battle ended in Mo Fan's victory.</p>
    <p>The audience didn't know how to feel regardless if they supported Tyranny or Happy.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan's performance couldn't be described as good or bad. His stubbornness seemed ridiculous, yet in the end, he was able to drag down Qin Muyun through patience and perseverance.</p>
    <p>You might not like this sort of person, but you had no choice but to recognize his achievements.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun came down from the stage.</p>
    <p>His opponent had used the exact same strategy twelve times to win. It sounded like a joke, but no one would think Qin Muyun played badly.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun played as steady as ever. As a player who had come from Tyranny's training camp and been trained meticulously, there was no way he would just let Mo Fan repeatedly use the same strategy over and over again. After realizing Mo Fan's intentions, he had kept trying to thwart Mo Fan's plans or directly kill him.</p>
    <p>However many times Mo Fan repeated the strategy was however many times he had tried to thwart it.　</p>
    <p>He lost. That was the outcome, but no one could criticize him for it because no one knew how he was supposed to have won. Qin Muyun had done everything they could think of. 　　</p>
    <p>It was an outcome that couldn't be explained through common sense. Everyone was silent as they watched Qin Muyun return to Tyranny's seats.</p>
    <p>Tyranny only had one player left. As for Happy? Apart from Mo Fan, they still had two players remaining. Their lead was enormous.</p>
    <p>After recognizing the situation, Happy's fans finally recovered and began rooting for their team.</p>
    <p>As for Tyranny's fans? They knew that the situation was extremely unfavorable for them, but they couldn't give up hope. They had to hope for a miracle. Even if they couldn't, they had to let Happy know that their conviction wouldn't be shaken even in this sort of situation.</p>
    <p>Who would be Tyranny's last player?</p>
    <p>The crowd watched attentively as a slim youth stood up from Tyranny's seats.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying.　</p>
    <p>Tyranny's rookie this season. The person who would inherit Tyranny's future. At this moment, he had become Tyranny's last hope.</p>
    <p>Even though a loss in the group arena didn't mean the match was over, it was an incredibly important moment. Song Qiying's performance would set the momentum in the following team competition.</p>
    <p>Just thinking about it made many people feel extremely nervous. Song Qiying stepped forward and set his sights on the stage.</p>
    <p>"I definitely won't let your efforts go to waste," he said firmly.　　</p>
    <p>Just because they were behind didn't mean that the efforts from the others on Tyranny were for nothing. Song Qiying wasn't only referring to their efforts in the group arena, but their efforts over this entire season and these ten years.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny's fifth player was Song Qiying. Class - Striker. Character - River Sunset.</p>
    <p>The electronic screen displayed the results of the previous match before putting up the information on Tyranny's next player. Even though everyone already knew who it was, all of Tyranny's fans stared at the name on the screen.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Song Qiying had become the symbol of Tyranny. Everyone was certain that this youth would hold up Tyranny for another ten years.</p>
    <p>Steady. Never retreating.</p>
    <p>The seventh round in the group arena.</p>
    <p>Happy's Mo Fan versus Tyranny's final player, Song Qiying.</p>
    <p>The battle began.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying chose the middle road, and River Sunset cut across directly to the center.　</p>
    <p>Mo Fan took a roundabout route just like in the previous two fights.</p>
    <p>At this point, was he still planning on being so stubborn?</p>
    <p>The camera stopped on Deception. The traces of the previous battle could still be seen on him. Qin Muyun had put up a fierce fight even if he had ended up losing. He had dealt a considerable amount of damage to Mo Fan.　</p>
    <p>4%.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Deception only had 4% of his health left. The outcome of this match was a foregone conclusion. But they felt like that if it was Mo Fan, he would certainly do something unexpected even if his character was nearly dead.</p>
    <p>The course of events went the same way as the previous two battles.</p>
    <p>Even though Song Qiying's River Sunset wasn't a long-ranged class, his vision was the same as there's. When it was about time, he noticed Deception. Then, he didn't hesitate to turn around and rush over in that direction.</p>
    <p>It was the same as before!</p>
    <p>Everyone thought to themselves. Mo Fan had played on this map against two opponents. He was certainly much more familiar with the map than Song Qiying. Would he take advantage of the terrain in some way? With only 4% of his health, would he actually be able to take out Song Qiying?</p>
    <p>The audience was thinking of Mo Fan as some sort of monster, even daring to think that he could beat Song Qiying with only 4% of his health left. Let alone Deception's health, Deception barely even had any mana left. In the last fight, he had went back and forth with Qin Muyun twelve times. How could he not have expended an extraordinary amount of mana? Deception didn't have enough mana to kill a full-health character.</p>
    <p>But then again, it wasn't without logic. There was lava, no?</p>
    <p>It's starting!</p>
    <p>The two characters approaching each other. This time, the one with the attack range advantage was Deception. As a result, he was the first to attack. After throwing a Shuriken, Deception wasn't in a hurry to continue forward. Against long-ranged classes, closing in on the opponent was fatal for them. Against Strikers, it was the opposite. If it wasn't from a sneak attack, then directly confronting a Striker was the same as sending yourself to death.</p>
    <p>Deception wasn't in a hurry to approach. River Sunset didn't slow down though. He tilted his body to the side to dodge the Shuriken and sprinted forward. In the blink of an eye, his fists swung towards Deception.</p>
    <p>Deception swiftly retreated. Mo Fan clearly didn't want a direct fight with Song Qiying. However, Song Qiying's advance didn't stop. River Sunset stepped forward in pursuit, while Deception continued to retreat. Not long afterwards, he was forced to the edge of the lava.</p>
    <p>Double Tiger Palm!</p>
    <p>River Sunset's two arms shot out, blocking Deception's path to the left and right. Behind was lava, but if he didn't dodge, he would be pushed into the lava.</p>
    <p>In the end, Mo Fan made one last struggle. Deception made feints left and right, then suddenly turned right.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately Song Qiying wasn't tricked. His Double Tiger Palm didn't leave any openings.　</p>
    <p>Pa!</p>
    <p>A hit. Deception poofed into smoke.</p>
    <p>Oh oh oh!</p>
    <p>All sorts of cries came out.</p>
    <p>The feint to the left had been a feint. The feint to the right was a feint as well, but its true purpose was to hide his hand movements.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>After his real body appeared behind River Sunset, with just a push, he could send River Sunset into the lava.</p>
    <p>Deception kicked out, Annihilation!</p>
    <p>As for River Sunset? Using the momentum from Double Tiger Palm, his body jumped up, Whirlwind Kick!</p>
    <p>Bang bang!</p>
    <p>Two sounds.　　</p>
    <p>Annihilation was extremely fast. It arrived at River Sunset first, but River Sunset was already moving backwards. In the end, the Whirlwind Kick had struck Deception as well.　</p>
    <p>Tong!</p>
    <p>River Sunset fell into the lava, but Deception had lost his last remaining health from the Whirlwind Kick.　　</p>
    <p>Even though River Sunset had fallen into the lava, he had already won. His health was locked into place, and the lava would not hurt him any further.</p>
    <p>Sigh!</p>
    <p>At this moment, quite a few people felt for Mo Fan. If he had been able to dodge it, then his performance today would have been even more perfect.　</p>
    <p>The seventh round of the group arena ended with sighs. Most of these sighs didn't come from the people in the crowd though, since most of those people were Tyranny fans.</p>
    <p>"Beautiful!" They were cheering for their young general, Song Qiying. When Deception had used Shadow Clone Technique, they had been very worried. But at the critical juncture, Song Qiying's River Sunset executed a beautiful and precise Whirlwind Kick.</p>
    <p>How courageous! Truly deserving of Tyranny's future.</p>
    <p>"Keep winning!" They shouted.</p>
    <p>Happy's fourth player stood up.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui, the dirty Fang Rui. For rookies, he was the most difficult player to deal with. Rookies with weak willpower would sometimes even lose their confidence facing this sort of opponent.</p>
    <p>Although Song Qiying wouldn't go so far as to be afraid, it truly was unlucky for him to encounter Fang Rui here.</p>
    <p>No, it couldn't be said to be luck. Fang Rui had been chosen by Happy to come up. Perhaps it was to target a rookie like Song Qiying.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's footsteps were gentle and light as if he were under no pressure. He winked at Mo Fan and said a few words as they passed by. Unfortunately, Mo Fan simply walked by him expressionlessly. This was exactly what the phrase giving the cold-shoulder described.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't seem to mind. As he walked onto the stage, he even said a few words to the referee. Soon, the match began.</p>
    <p>"Friend, is there anything meaningful that you want to chat about today?"　</p>
    <p>And the trash talk began as well.</p>
    <p>Tyranny's fans looked at Fang Rui disdainfully. Although from his words, it sounded like there was some background to it.</p>
    <p>Those with good memory immediately thought of the fourth round of this season when Tyranny faced Happy in their away game. That round, Song Qiying had also met with Fang Rui. While Fang Rui was chattering non-stop, Song Qiying responded with a "I won't respond to anything that's meaningless" and then ignored Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>To think Fang Rui would actually remember those words. It seemed like his trash talk even needed some history to spice it up.</p>
    <p>The master of playing dirty was truly diligent.　</p>
    <p>As for Song Qiying's reply today?</p>
    <p>"I'm going to win!" It was just three words.</p>
  </body>
</html>
