<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1125: Confirmation</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1125: Confirmation</h1>
    <p>Everything on Weibo was pure nonsense…</p>
    <p>Cheng Siyan zoned out for a while before she came back to her senses. Everyone was just playing around, how could she possibly find what she wanted? This gave her a good reason though. If she had only relied on the nine words that Fang Rui posted on Weibo, then it would be inappropriate for her to ask for confirmation from Wind Howl. But because of the disturbances caused by the pro players, this matter had developed to the point that tens of thousands of Glory fans were talking about this topic. If she didn't seek any information from Wind Howl, she wouldn't have the nosiness a qualified reporter should have.</p>
    <p>As a result, Cheng Siyan directly called Club Wind Howl. However, they denied knowing anything about Fang Rui's Weibo and asked her to wait for them to talk with Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>This seemed like a response to evade the problem, but that was the actual situation at Club Wind Howl.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Weibo had been posted late in the night, so the ensuing chaos had taken place in the morning. Wind Howl had only found out then too.</p>
    <p>Wind Howl progressed very quickly with their investigation. First, they asked Fang Rui about the situation. His current situation in the team wasn't a secret, so they understood.</p>
    <p>After that, they consulted team captain Tang Hao for his opinion, who didn't compromise at all. He didn't have any intentions of forcing Fang Rui away, but he would definitely not give up on his playstyle. Fang Rui hoped he could bring out more of his abilities, but so did Tang Hao. According to Tang Hao, catering to Fang Rui's style wouldn't allow him to perform to the best of his abilities, which was why he wasn't willing to back down.</p>
    <p>The club realized that things wouldn't be working out. Since Tang Hao and Fang Rui weren't compatible, they had to sacrifice one of them. Wind Howl made their decision instantly. Tang Hao was their ace they would be relying on for the future, so it was obvious that he couldn't leave. Although Fang Rui had been in the team for several years and was at the peak of his his career, he still had to operate around Tang Hao as the ace. If he couldn't bring out his worth then they could only say sorry to him.</p>
    <p>In the end, the boss of Wind Howl personally went to chat with Fang Rui and told him he was allowed to leave. As the number two in the team for the past five years, Wind Howl gave him the respect he deserved.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wasn't surprised about the outcome. After all, this problem hadn't just been a one-time issue, but one that had lasted throughout the entire last season. Neither of them were able to work it out during that entire time. This was probably the final hammer.</p>
    <p>"I understand, I completely understand. You don't need to say any more." Fang Rui smiled and didn't listen to the boss' explanation any further. He knew that the club was without a choice as well.</p>
    <p>"Alright!" The boss of Wind Howl didn't insist on explaining. "Wherever you want to go, we'll try to make things as convenient as possible for you."</p>
    <p>"Hm… let me think about it!" Fang Rui spoke.</p>
    <p>"That's fine, we have time." The boss of Wind Howl said.</p>
    <p>Indeed, they had time. The transfer window had only opened for half a month. Apart from Excellent Era's large clean-out so far, there were no heavyweight transfers.</p>
    <p>Where should I go?</p>
    <p>After coming out from the boss's office, Fang Rui was depressed.</p>
    <p>He had expected this outcome, but that didn't mean he was ready for it. He actually had to leave Wind Howl, the team he had played on for five years.</p>
    <p>Perhaps, five years was only a small part of a person's life, but for many pro players, it might very well be all of it.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui believed his situation wasn't bad because the five years that had passed were only a phase in his career. He only needed to find somewhere else and start a new chapter. But where should he go?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui thought to himself as he grabbed out his phone. He didn't check his phone since last night, so when he turned it on, someone happened to give a call. He checked his phone and realised it was Cheng Siyan, the team's reporter from Esports Home. Fang Rui predicted what she would ask, but there was no point in hiding from a forthcoming reality. He picked up the phone.</p>
    <p>"Are you really leaving?" Cheng Siyan finally waited for Fang Rui to power on his phone, and ended up hearing the exact news.</p>
    <p>"Yeah! I'm leaving…" Fang Rui said. His eyes started to look around again.</p>
    <p>"Where are you planning to go?" Cheng Siyan asked.</p>
    <p>"I haven't decided yet..." Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>"There were a lot of teams inviting you on Weibo!" Cheng Siyan half-joked. The trash talk on Weibo shouldn't be taken seriously.</p>
    <p>"Weibo?" Fang Rui was at loss.</p>
    <p>"What, you haven't checked it yet?" Cheng Siyan asked.</p>
    <p>"Nope!" Fang Rui said.</p>
    <p>"Go have a look, it's very… interesting." Cheng Siyan could only come up with this word. "Even Ye Xiu commented on your Weibo."</p>
    <p>"Ye Xiu?" Fang Rui was shocked.</p>
    <p>"He invited you to Happy!" Cheng Siyan said.</p>
    <p>"Happy?" Fang Rui started to ponder.</p>
    <p>"Go have a look!" Cheng Siyan said.</p>
    <p>Team Happy was scrolling through Weibo instead of playing the game in the morning, which was a rarity for them. But in reality, Ye Xiu left after casually leaving the playful message. Guan Rongfei, who hadn't slept for the whole night, had something important to discuss with him!</p>
    <p>Happy still needed to collect their reward for killing the Ghost King from Ghost Lair!</p>
    <p>Since they could pick their own materials as their reward, it was obvious that they would ask for the opinion of Guan Rongfei, the senior in charge of Happy's logistics. Since Guan Rongfei was most interested and passionate about the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella, he was resolute in selecting materials to upgrade the umbrella. However, in order to upgrade Myriad Manifestation Umbrella to Level 75, Guan Rongfei's plan needed him to only use rare materials. The consumption was excessive, so he was hesitating on which materials to pick and prioritize.</p>
    <p>They didn't immediately log out last night because they were waiting for Guan Rongfei to reach a conclusion before collecting the prize. After they had waited for half an hour, they couldn't help but return to their rooms to rest. But after they had returned in the morning, they found Guan Rongfei in front of the computer in the exact same position as last night. His screen was filled with documents and the ground was covered in drafts. This guy didn't know which method he should use to treasure this rare prize of self-selected materials, so he even went as far as to stay up the whole night.</p>
    <p>What was even more tragic was that he still couldn't come up with a conclusion after staying up all night.</p>
    <p>"Rest for now, we're not in a hurry." Ye Xiu said. They still had a lot of time left to collect their reward.</p>
    <p>"Shush shush, I'm about to have an idea." Guan Rongfei stared at the screen and ignored Ye Xiu's suggestion.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu could only leave. After that, Su Mucheng happened to find some gossip as she casually scrolled through her Weibo. Ye Xiu went to have a look and also wrote something.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu posting on his Weibo immediately became an even hotter topic than Fang Rui's transfer. In comparison, the news about Zhao Yang's retirement became even colder. After many of the pro players shared the news along with a few lines of blessings, nothing else was said.</p>
    <p>After all, retiring was an emotional event. What made it worse was that Zhao Yang's career was quite tragic. Even if a person was extremely dirty, shameless, or inhuman, they wouldn't have the energy to ridicule Zhao Yang.</p>
    <p>Although they were opponents onstage, they were still friends outside of the match. It didn't matter whether one was close or distant, when he retired, it meant a permanent departure. They would never see this person on stage again in the future. During this time, everyone shared the same emotions.</p>
    <p>Goodbye!</p>
    <p>You'll be missed!</p>
    <p>Blessings!</p>
    <p>Good luck!</p>
    <p>Apart from these words, what else could be said?</p>
    <p>That was why Fang Rui's four-word post and five-word reply on his Weibo were able to stir up such a big reaction between the professional players. Even if he were going to transfer, who hadn't witnessed this before? When had something like this ever caused so much excitement on Weibo?</p>
    <p>This situation was in fact an excuse that allowed them to shift their attention as well as let out their emotions. Perhaps retiring was even more saddening for them than death. None of them wanted to retire, nor would they want to see anyone else retire. Unfortunately, this was a point in life in which each of them had to face. It would happen sooner or later, just like how everyone's life would eventually wither away.</p>
    <p>As a result, everyone messed around with Fang Rui. When they discovered Ye Xiu had posted, they also started to mess with him too. However, Ye Xiu was called over by Guan Rongfei, who said he had an idea and wanted Ye Xiu to give advice.</p>
    <p>"Go ahead," Ye Xiu said after he came over.</p>
    <p>"These." Guan Rongfei handed a piece of scratch paper to Ye Xiu, which had his requirements written illegibly and spaced out. The reward for this extra event was to have each of the five members select five materials, as well as a piece of Orange equipment. In total, that would be 25 materials and five pieces of Orange equipments. What Guan Rongfei had been trying so hard to plan was obviously the materials. What surprised Ye Xiu was that he even spent a whole night thinking about it. If it were up to him, he would have picked materials with higher priority. It shouldn't be this hard to pick, right? But when Ye Xiu received and looked over the messy list written by Guan Rongfei, he couldn't understand his reasoning.</p>
    <p>"I think these should be enough," Guan Rongfei said.</p>
    <p>"Enough? What's enough?" Ye Xiu couldn't understand.</p>
    <p>"I want to do an experiment," Guan Rongfei said.</p>
    <p>"Experiment?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Hm… an important experiment that will determine my plan for the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella. Only if this works can the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella continue with the established plan. If not, I'm afraid I will need to make adjustments," Guan Rongfei said.</p>
    <p>"What experiment? You've never mentioned it before." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You'll know soon enough," Guan Rongfei said.</p>
    <p>"Then what am I supposed to look at?" Ye Xiu asked, holding up the ragged piece of scratch paper.</p>
    <p>"Look? Who told you to look? Take the list of items and bring me the materials!" Guan Rongfei said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's face darkened. After all this time, this master hadn't called him over for advice, but rather for him to go over and get the materials.</p>
    <p>"Right, I'll collect the rewards. Are you about to start?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"No no, I have to rest for a while. Collect it and leave it there for now, I'll deal with it at night. This must not go wrong." Guan Rongfei ended up talking to himself when he reached the end of his sentence. He then left without looking at Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>This wasn't the first day that Ye Xiu had met him, so he wasn't surprised by his attitude. He took out the list of items and collected five materials for each of the five characters who participated in yesterday's battle. After he collected them according to the list, he transferred them all to Lord Grim's account for safekeeping. They were upgrading the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella, so it was obvious that they would be using Lord Grim's account.</p>
    <p>After that, new information about Fang Rui came out. After Club Wind Howl had finished sorting out the internal problems, they officially announced and confirmed that Fang Rui would be leaving the team this summer.</p>
  </body>
</html>
