<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1621: Would it kill you to let me look cool for a bit?</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1621: Would it kill you to let me look cool for a bit?</h1>
    <p>"This match... Samsara's home game... it seems... it seems..." Pan Lin thought carefully about he should word things, but wasn't able to find the right words in the end. In reality, he didn't need to explain anything. Most of the viewers had the same feeling as him.</p>
    <p>This was Samsara's home game. Samsara had chosen this map. They should be the ones taking advantage of the terrain. It was supposed to be their biggest weapon. But the result? What everyone saw was Ye Xiu taking advantage of the trash room to stall three of Samsara's players. On the other end, at this alleyway, Samsara's two players were supposed to pincer and trap Fang Rui, but in the blink of an eye, the situation was flipped.</p>
    <p>How did everything turn out this way?</p>
    <p>No one could think of an answer. Samsara hadn't underestimated their enemy. They had sent three players to the trash room to deal with one Ye Xiu, how could that be underestimating the enemy?</p>
    <p>At the alleyway, when Chaotic Cloudy Mountain and Moon Luring Frost formed a pincer onto Boundless Sea, everyone thought that it was hopeless for Fang Rui. But Fang Rui had other ideas. He had danced around them, staying alive until Dancing Rain arrived.</p>
    <p>This couldn't be considered a mistake from Samsara. Fang Rui was playing incredibly well. A great performance happened when you made outstanding plays in unordinary situations. Samsara's ambush had been set up meticulously. They had started by checking their surroundings through the windows. After noticing Dancing Rain's movements, they thought of this plan. Then, Fang Minghua's Laughing Song went to switch with Du Ming's Moon Luring Frost. When Fang Rui's Boundless Sea appeared, the two didn't act too hastily. They patiently waited for Fang Rui to go in deeper and for Su Mucheng to move farther away.</p>
    <p>Every detail had been considered by Samsara. Every part of the plan had been executed well.</p>
    <p>Even so, they had failed to trap Fang Rui and inflict heavy injuries onto him like they had liked. Now, they were the ones in a dangerous position.</p>
    <p>"Retreat!"</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan said decisively.　　</p>
    <p>Rushing forward was an option. However, the terrain wasn't favorable for them. Rushing through attacks from Fang Rui and Su Mucheng was too risky. Lu Boyuan hadn't forgotten that Happy didn't only have Fang Rui's Qi Master and Su Mucheng's Launcher. There was also the threat of Qiao Yifan's Phantom Demon Ghostblade. Maybe he was waiting at the exit at the front. If they successfully made their way out from the alleyway, they would instantly be enveloped by multiple ghost boundaries.</p>
    <p>As a result, they could only retreat. They had to retreat.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan didn't say anything. He had Chaotic Cloudy Mountain turn around and run, while paying attention to Moon Luring Frost's situation up ahead. Moon Luring Frost had been shot out of the air by Dancing Rain. As he fell, Boundless Sea flitted past him with his head turned back. From the looks of it, he planned on looting from a burning house. Lu Boyuan needed to make sure that Moon Luring Frost could run away, so that Du Ming wouldn't need to be rescued.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Boundless Sea stopped. He was a dirty Qi Master, who loved to be sneaky. But at this moment, he was making a huge show, gathering qi around his two palms. Lu Boyuan resisted the urge to charge at him because he knew that Boundless Sea was situated outside both his and Moon Luring Frost's attack range. That was why Boundless Sea was so fearless. That bastard, Fang Rui, was too infuriating. It was like he was purposefully trying to annoy them.</p>
    <p>Dragon Wave!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea made his move. The gathered qi transformed into a dragon, which flew out towards his two enemies.　　</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost had just landed on the ground. Du Ming saw the warning from Lu Boyuan and rolled back. By the time he got up, the Dragon Wave was roaring towards him.</p>
    <p>Du Ming didn't even think. He immediately had Moon Luring Frost jump towards the wall and then jump again!</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, Rising Dragon Slash had just been used and was still on cooldown. Du Ming had no way of using the same method to send Moon Luring Frost onto the rooftop. The double jump was just to avoid the attack for as long as he could. Dragon Wave could be controlled by the user. Du Ming didn't think he could actually dodge it fully. But with this jump, Fang Rui would need to focus on him so that he could aim his Dragon Wave properly. That would at least buy some time for Lu Boyuan.</p>
    <p>The two players on Samsara hadn't forgotten to take care of each other. Lu Boyuan didn't have Chaotic Cloudy Mountain leave first. He made sure that Du Ming could also escape. As for Du Ming? He was using his character's position to help Lu Boyuan escape.</p>
    <p>If Lu Boyuan didn't have Chaotic Cloudy Mountain run away, then he would be wasting Du Ming's kindness. There was no time to think about all that though. Chaotic Cloudy Mountain turned around and sprinted away.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>An explosion from behind him.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain's footsteps didn't stop. He looked behind him and saw that Moon Luring Frost had been shot by Dancing Rain again.</p>
    <p>Du Ming hadn't forgotten about Su Mucheng's presence. He had predicted that Dancing Rain's attacks wouldn't stop. But in this narrow alleyway, there really wasn't anywhere for him to run to. Du Ming had Moon Luring Frost swing his sword at the missile, but the explosion still hurt him.</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost lost his balance again, with smoke coming off from him as he fell. Then, Boundless Sea's Dragon Wave swallowed him whole. Lu Boyuan felt terrible.</p>
    <p>He wanted Chaotic Cloudy Mountain to turn back, so that he and Du Ming could fend them off together. But he knew very well that doing so would be unwise.</p>
    <p>He was abandoning Du Ming, but this was because he had no other choice. Their goal was to win, and winning depended on the entire team. As long as one person stood at the end, they would be the winners.</p>
    <p>For the win, to remain as the champions!</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan brainwashed himself, constantly repeating these words to himself. He didn't have Chaotic Cloudy Mountain turn his head back, instead using all his might to run away. He hated his decision, but he trusted that his decision was correct. He wasn't playing just for himself. He couldn't make decisions based on his own likes. Every one of them was carrying the burden of the dreams of the entire team and countless fans.</p>
    <p>Ahead is the exit! Keep going!</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain rushed out from the alleyway. Only then did he turn his head back.</p>
    <p>Even though everything about Du Ming's situation pointed to disaster, Lu Boyuan still felt hope for him, hope that Du Ming could catch up to him.</p>
    <p>But no...</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost was far behind him. Fire and light flashed again and again. Endless qi mixed in with the explosions. Moon Luring Frost's sword light glinted tenaciously.</p>
    <p>Again, Lu Boyuan resisted the urge to turn back.</p>
    <p>But...</p>
    <p>"You can do it!"　</p>
    <p>Du Ming typed out in the team chat.　　</p>
    <p>He was the one fighting. He was the one who was trying to escape, but Du Ming was the one encouraging him.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan couldn't keep watching, afraid that he wouldn't be able to resist his urges any longer.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Cloudy Mountain turned around and immediately rushed towards the support zone.</p>
    <p>Seeing Chaotic Cloudy Mountain leave, Du Ming felt at ease. Moon Luring Frost was hit by a blast again. Du Ming tried his best to stabilize the situation, but the attack disrupted his efforts. Moon Luring Frost tumbled to the ground.</p>
    <p>How embarrassing!</p>
    <p>Du Ming laughed bitterly.</p>
    <p>He had been hoping to put on an outstanding performance, especially in this match against Happy. But it looks like this was it.</p>
    <p>To the left was a wall. To the right was a wall. He couldn't use many of his skills. As for charging towards them in a straight line, as long as his opponents maintained a certain distance away from him, he posed no threat.</p>
    <p>The two on Happy were too experienced. They were carefully taking advantage of the terrain.　</p>
    <p>Qi Masters and Launchers didn't have a lot of strong CC abilities. As a result, the two didn't intend on pinning Moon Luring Frost down. The two were doing their utmost to deal as much damage to Moon Luring Frost. If it happened to work out, then they would also try to make it hard for Moon Luring Frost to move around.</p>
    <p>I won't make it.</p>
    <p>His health was dropping fast, and there was still quite a way to go before he could leave. Du Ming was already certain that he would die before he escaped.</p>
    <p>I'll cheer up my teammate first. As for me, I'll just have to contribute as much as I can to our win!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost suddenly rolled backwards. Instead of moving to the exit, he went for Boundless Sea.　　</p>
    <p>Fang Rui immediately had Boundless Sea retreat, while sending out a Cloud Pushing Palm.</p>
    <p>Jump!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost got up and jumped, but soon, he heard the sound of a cannon shot.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!　</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost dropped down, the artillery shell whistling past his head.</p>
    <p>Falling Blossom Form!</p>
    <p>This Level 75 skill had extremely high priority in the air and had a knockdown effect. Du Ming was using it to get down.</p>
    <p>Sword petals filled the air, preparing to cut down Boundless Sea.　</p>
    <p>But Boundless Sea simply retreated in an extremely dirty manner too, dodging this attack.</p>
    <p>"Would it kill you to let me look cool for a bit!!!" Du Ming cursed at Fang Rui. He was obviously unhappy that his attack had missed.</p>
    <p>I'm almost dead. Can't you just let me leave a good impression with one final display of might?</p>
    <p>"What's cooler than dying at my hands?" Fang Rui responded slickly. Boundless Sea pulled back his hands and then pushed out.</p>
    <p>Air Rend Palm!</p>
    <p>Qi condensed into the shape of a handprint. With a pa, it struck Moon Luring Frost, stunning him.</p>
    <p>Flash Burst!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wasn't polite at all. Seeing how close they were, he immediately let out a high-level skill!　</p>
    <p>The qi couldn't expand in this narrow alleyway. It could only burst forth in what little space there was. After Flash Burst came Qigong Blast. Qi filled the alleyway, turning the entire area hazy.　</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain's artillery support came down in coordination with Fang Rui's assault.</p>
    <p>"Fuck..." Du Ming couldn't help but leave a profanity in the chat. Along with a yellow card from the referee, he left the field.</p>
  </body>
</html>
