<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 292 – The Aftermath</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 292 – The Aftermath</h1>
    <p>At the end of the Christmas event, the chat was filled with players announcing their rewards. After a wave of noisiness, things gradually began to calm down. When players received a notification that the event had ended, the majority of them finished exchanging their presents and then proceeded to log off.</p>
    <p>Apart from the rewards exchanged from the lost presents, the greatest rewards came from rewards based on the total points accumulated.</p>
    <p>Right after Tang Rou received her final Christmas present, she immediately opened it. With a flash of light, she earned a large amount of experience and Soft Mist directly jumped to Level 38. She also received a glowing red, Orange weapon: Battle Mage Level 40 Glowing Fire Halberd.</p>
    <p>Glowing Fire Halberd, Level 40.</p>
    <p>Weight: 3.3 kg. Attack Speed: 1.</p>
    <p>Physical Attack: 470. Magic Attack: 355.</p>
    <p>Strength +15. Fire Chaser Skill Level +2. Attacks have a 3% chance of Burning the target.</p>
    <p>Looking at the weapon, Tang Rou compared it to her previous Level 30 Purple weapon, the Scarlet Moon Lance: Physical Attack: 330, Magic Attack: 250.</p>
    <p>“How amazing!” Even Tang Rou could tell.</p>
    <p>“You actually got an Orange weapon. Your luck isn’t bad!” Chen Guo also praised. For a player with a max-leveled account, a Level 40 Orange weapon wouldn’t make her go mad with envy.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim also got his final present. But when Chen Guo saw the words ‘Christmas present’, Chen Guo hesitated before eventually closing it and logging out of the game.</p>
    <p>She returned to her Chasing Haze. The amount of points she had accumulated naturally couldn’t compare to the amount of points Ye Xiu and Tang Rou had accumulated. Yet even so, she still looked forward to her final present. Chen Guo took in a deep breath and then opened up her present.</p>
    <p>The sounds of rattling came out. She had opened a bunch of coins. But besides that, there was nothing else. Chen Guo clearly only got something very, very ordinary.</p>
    <p>Seeing the money bag, Chen Guo realized that only Ye Xiu and Tang Rou had earned a profit today. Her Chasing Haze had always been average. She had done her best, but most of her time was used being excited for someone else. Thinking back, even she felt that it was a bit funny.</p>
    <p>After opening her presents, there weren’t any more events, so Chen Guo stopped playing.</p>
    <p>“It’s been a long day. You should go to sleep early!” Chen Guo said to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“Phew…..” Tang Rou felt a bit at a loss. 36 hours sounded long, but it actually wasn’t that long. Apart from the short nap, the majority of her time was used on the busy event. Now that the event was over, she suddenly didn’t know what to do anymore.</p>
    <p>Usually at this time, the dungeons were refreshed and she would party up and dungeon. But now, her usual party wasn’t there. Her character had leveled extremely quickly. In the blink of an eye, she went from Level 31 to Level 38. Where was she supposed to go now at this level? What was she going to do? Tang Rou had no clue.</p>
    <p>She looked blankly at the game and then nodded her head to Chen Guo: ”Okay, I’m going to sleep.”</p>
    <p>As a result, there was no Tang Rou in the corner tonight, nor a Ye Xiu at the front desk. Everything seemed like before Ye Xiu had come.</p>
    <p>At nine in the morning, Ye Xiu woke up from his bed.</p>
    <p>The sunlight shone through the pitiful window, leaving a ray of light in the dim storage room.</p>
    <p>Dust hovered around in the light ray. Ye Xiu looked at it blankly and couldn’t help but think back to the rain in Sin City that had drifted like so.</p>
    <p>The crazy 36 hours had ended! Ye Xiu had only realized this now. He rubbed his head and got up, putting on his clothes and then left the room.</p>
    <p>The TV was on in the living room. Chen Guo was in her sleeping bag and was watching the TV from the sofa with her head wet.</p>
    <p>“Boss.” Ye Xiu called. Chen Guo turned her head and said with a mouth full of foam bubbles, “Wu wu” —— a greeting. She then turned around and continued to watch TV.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was speechless. Who would think that someone who was watching TV on the sofa like that would brush her teeth at the same time?</p>
    <p>“Can I use the bathroom?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Wu wu wu.” Chen Guo got up and rushed into the bathroom. After gargling and rinsing out her mouth, she wiped her mouth clean of the white foam and walked out: “Go ahead!”</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Ye Xiu went in.</p>
    <p>“I didn’t open your Christmas present. Don’t forget to open it.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>By the time he finished washing, Chen Guo had already turned off the TV and left. The door to Tang Rou’s room was open, but she wasn’t there. Ye Xiu walked out and went to the Internet Cafe.</p>
    <p>“Morning!” He greeted the employees working in the Internet Cafe. Ye Xiu saw Tang Rou and Chen Guo sitting together at their special computer spots. Ye Xiu walked over and said hi, but didn’t sit together with them: “I’m going to the smoking section!”</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Chen Guo obviously wouldn’t stop him. She was only been able to resist because it had been a special situation yesterday. Cigarette smoke wasn’t something that she liked.</p>
    <p>The Internet Cafe in the morning was very empty. Ye Xiu randomly took a spot and swiped his card to enter the game.</p>
    <p>As soon as he got online, he immediately received a message from Steamed Bun Invasion, who was crying to him!</p>
    <p>“Senior, what happened? How did you guys suddenly get to Level 38 in one night?” Steamed Bun Invasion added a bunch of crying emoticons.</p>
    <p>“Christmas event. Where were you the past two days?” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“I was at a Christmas event too!” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“What? How come I didn’t see you online?”</p>
    <p>“Why would I go online? I went to drink with a few of my buddies. We got very drunk and I slept the entire day yesterday. I came onto to the game to look today and everything changed. How many days did I sleep? What day is it today?”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was speechless. Steamed Bun Invasion’s Christmas event had taken place offline. He helplessly replied: “There was a Christmas event in game. It allowed you level very quickly. We leveled several times because of it.”</p>
    <p>“There was something like that?” Steamed Bun Invasion was surprised.</p>
    <p>“For these types of holidays, the game often has events.” Ye Xiu felt like Steamed Bun Invasion had played games before, so he should have known.</p>
    <p>“That’s right! How could I have forgotten!” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly realized and began crying as if his mother had passed away.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and catch up!” With such a gap, what else could Ye Xiu say?</p>
    <p>“Senior, I’ll give you my number. If something like this happens again, call me!” Steamed Bun Invasion was very sad.</p>
    <p>“Okay!” Ye Xiu replied. He jotted down Steamed Bun Invasion’s number and told the crying Steamed Bun Invasion to train.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu opened up Lord Grim’s inventory. He saw the Christmas present and opened it.</p>
    <p>A flash of light. Lord Grim and Soft Mist’s points had been quite high, so the experience reward they received was about the same. With this experience, Lord Grim also leveled up to 38. Aside from this, he also got a reward that put him on TV, a Level 40 Orange weapon: Shadow Claw.</p>
    <p>Claws were Fighter class weapons and were most commonly used by Brawlers. The Shadow Claw was an Orange weapon, so its stats didn’t need to be spoken. However, Ye Xiu didn’t need it to upgrade his Thousand Chance Umbrella. Ye Xiu immediately messaged Steamed Bun Invasion and gave him the Shadow Claw’s attributes.</p>
    <p>“Ah, ah, ah, ah! Senior!!” Steamed Bun Invasion shouted.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up and level! When you reach Level 40, I’ll give it to you.”</p>
    <p>“I will! I will!” Steamed Bun Invasion yelled.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled and then closed the chat window. His Lord Grim was still in Sin City and had a lot of items on him. He still had a lot of Weight on him and he had to get rid of it.</p>
    <p>After returning to Congee City, he ran directly to the storage house. On the way there, Ye Xiu made sure to be careful, looking to see if he was being given any special attention from the big guilds.</p>
    <p>Don’t look at how everyone had been so happy and harmonious at yesterday’s Christmas event. This chapter had already closed. What followed wouldn’t change. For enemies like Blue Brook Guild and Herb Garden, they definitely wouldn’t suddenly become friends after a single short alliance.</p>
    <p>As for Ye Xiu, in the guilds’ eyes, had returned to being that dungeon record kidnapper, especially now that Lord Grim’s level could be compared to theirs, which would make them fearful once again.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t find anything unusual after observing his surroundings. When he went to the storage house, he quickly tidied it up. Even though he had a lot of materials, in order for him to level up his Thousand Chance Umbrella to Level 35, he still didn’t have enough. For the missing parts, should he run to the market or should he sell some more guides?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu thought and opened up the dungeon records leaderboard. He looked and was surprised. Line Canyon and Fire Forest. These two dungeons’ fastest times were quite frightening.</p>
  </body>
</html>
