<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 99 – Endurance Limit</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 99 – Endurance Limit</h1>
    <p>“After I finish this round.” Tang Rou wouldn’t let him.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu laughed. He knew that this sister cared about his previous judgement that she wouldn’t be able to finish the dungeon, so she insisted on soloing it herself. As a result, he didn’t bother her anymore. He left a “call me when you’re done” and then dragged his chair back to its original place.</p>
    <p>Hearing Ye Xiu’s tone, it seemed like Ye Xiu didn’t care at all whether she could complete the dungeon or not. Tang Rou suddenly felt quite embarrassed. But in her heart, she refused to give up and continued to solo Frost Forest.</p>
    <p>Forgetting to drink potions was a common mistake among new players. Now that Tang Rou paid attention to this problem, she wouldn’t be so careless. She took note of the amount of mana that the mana potion recovered, and wouldn’t wait until her mana was completely used before she used a potion. Tang Rou already felt that she was already at the limit using potions like this. But her mana still ran out, so she had no choice but to stop fighting and rest a bit.</p>
    <p>While she was resting, she turned her head to look at Ye Xiu. Ye Xiu was simply minding his own business and training. Puffing out clouds of smoke, he didn’t even glance at her.</p>
    <p>“Hmph!” Tang Rou’s fighting spirit wouldn’t die out because of this. She continued to fight fight stop stop, drink drink recover recover. Just from potion consumption, it was already clear how much more difficult Frost Forest was. She had soloed all three dungeons in the beginner village, but when had she ever had such a hard time?</p>
    <p>Especially when she reached the final BOSS Frost Thain. It didn’t need to be said that this final BOSS had the most health among all of the monsters in the dungeon. Tang Rou filled up her mana bar. Adding on her potion consumption while battling, she was unable to beat the Frost Thain before her mana depleted. In the end, she had to resort to drinking a potion every minute, using her skills for 10 seconds, and then awkwardly attacking without skills for 50 seconds.</p>
    <p>She was also lucky that she had already been taught by Ye Xiu on the Frost Thain’s specialties and attack patterns. If not, then if she had rashly gone to solo, she would have fallen for sure.</p>
    <p>In this battle, Tang Rou used up a lot of her red and blue potions fighting the Frost Thain. In the end, she was finally able to take down the Frost Thain. And she let out a sigh of relief as if she had a weight off of her mind.</p>
    <p>The dungeon statistics came out, time: 1 hour 33 minutes 24 seconds 49 milliseconds.</p>
    <p>Although she eventually soloed the dungeon, this didn’t make Tang Rou feel any sort of sense of success. She also felt too embarrassed to call Ye Xiu over. She just sent a message to tell Ye Xiu that she had finished.</p>
    <p>“Oh? You’re done?” Ye Xiu received the message and sent a reply.</p>
    <p>“Yeah.”</p>
    <p>“You really brought a lot of potions!” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“…….”</p>
    <p>“You should get up. Let me show you how it’s done.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou silently dragged the wooden chair to the side. She did want to see how Ye Xiu played. She secretly noted how many potions she had used and how many potions she had left.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu dragged his chair over to sit. He lifted his hands and then let Soft Mist enter the dungeon. While pulling the monsters, he started explaining: “If you want to reach the endurance limit, then you have to do a lot of meticulous planning and careful accounting. Although the theories are all the same, in different dungeons, the methods you use won’t be completely the same.”</p>
    <p>“First, the most basic point is to be clear on the amount of mana you have at any time.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Yeah, I pay attention to it.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“After that, you also have to know very well the amount of mana your skills use.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh……” Tang Rou couldn’t answer. Sky Strike, Dragon Tooth, Double Stab…… she was already quite familiar with these skills, but she had truly never thought of remembering how much mana these skills used.</p>
    <p>“And after that, we want to use the least amount of mana to do the most amount of damage. First, you have to know what the hidden effects of each skill is. You should have already seen them in those guides, right?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I’ve seen them!” Tang Rou agreed.</p>
    <p>“Then have you tried your best every time to do the most damage with each skill? For example….” Ye Xiu talked about a skill. Then, Soft Mist jumped into the air. The battle lance stabbed a monster and immediately swung, a “Circle Swing”.</p>
    <p>“Yeah. Circle Swing’s hidden effect is that if the arc made is greater than 180 degrees, then it will do more damage. I know this. I also do my best to do this as much as possible.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Then have you fully used this skill’s AoE effect?” Ye Xiu said. The Goblin, which had been Circle Swung, smashed into a group of its comrades.</p>
    <p>“To maximize the damage, you have to consider the AoE effects of each skill.” Ye Xiu explained while demonstrating: “Although Dragon Tooth and Double Stab are single-target skills, if we knock the target into the air and then use an aerial attack, we can make the target collide with other enemies and create an AoE effect.”</p>
    <p>“Falling Flower Palm is an AoE attack, but its range isn’t large. The palm attack can at most hit three monsters at the same time. But its Blow Away effect is strong. An Aerial Attack will increase the Blow Away effect. So when using this skills, it’s best to knock the targets up into the air first. Using a normal attack won’t be able to knock up three monsters at the same time. You have to use Sky Strike’s diagonal knock up effect. You’ve seen this in the guide right?”</p>
    <p>While Ye Xiu said this, Soft mist stepped forward. From a side view, a Sky Strike leapt out hitting three Goblins into the air, but their heights were clearly uneven and they rose up and fell down at different times. At this moment, Soft Mist had already quickly turned around. Not waiting until these three Goblins fell, he launched a Falling Flower Palm. The three Goblins were still in the Palm’s range. After being Blown Away, they once again smashed into a group of Goblins.</p>
    <p>“After these series of attacks, do you know how much health these Goblins have left?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“…….”</p>
    <p>“You have to know how much health these monsters have too. When these monsters only have a sliver of health left, a single normal hit will kill them. Why waste your mana on using skills?”</p>
    <p>“Skills do more damage, but they can’t be rashly used. For example, this Goblin over here. If this was a one on one scenario, with your skill’s damage, you have to use at least three attacks to finish it. So then, we’ll first consider the first combo……”</p>
    <p>“Sky Strike, Dragon Tooth, and then a normal attack?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Yup, it looks like you’ve already understood this part. But your choice isn’t the best one.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why not?”</p>
    <p>“Because you forgot that Dragon Tooth will automatically create a Chaser and creating a Chaser costs mana. So the best method is……..” Ye Xiu’s hands flicked: “A normal attack, a Double Stab to create the Bleed hidden effect, and then let it Bleed to death.”</p>
    <p>“But Double Stab’s Bleed has a chance to fail…..” The Goblin was hit by Soft Mist’s Double Stab and then really did fall down from the Bleed. But Double Stab only had a 50% chance to Bleed. Tang Rou remembered that the guide said this.</p>
    <p>“Right now we’re pursuing the limit not the most dependable way.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh, I understand.” Tang Rou nodded her head.</p>
    <p>Soon after, Ye Xiu continued to explain. The skill’s damages, their mana consumption, the monster’s life, how to gather monsters, how to use the skill’s features, back attack, aerial attacks, knock ups, etc. effects. The so-called endurance limit playing was simply extremely meticulous planning and careful accounting. Because Ye Xiu had to divide his attention to explain, it wasn’t 100% perfect. But even so, Tang Rou still saw that the mana consumption was reduced and that the damage output didn’t lose out to her madly using her skills the entire time.</p>
    <p>In the end, Ye Xiu soloed Frost Forest in 1 hour 12 minutes 21 seconds 32 milliseconds. The harsh 20 minute difference made Tang Rou unable to open her eyes. It wasn’t just the time either. Ye Xiu’s potion consumption was much less than Tang Rou’s. Beside eating food one time before fighting the Frost Thain, he had never stopped fighting the entire time. She knew that this wasn’t this guy’s limit either. Because Ye Xiu was explaining to her along the way. He had stopped sometimes and gave a demonstration. If this guy had focused on soloing the dungeon, then Tang Rou doubted that he’d even need 1 hour.</p>
    <p>“Do you understand now?” After exiting the dungeon, Ye Xiu turned around to ask her.</p>
    <p>“Yup!” Tang Rou nodded her head.</p>
    <p>“Practice then! Remember to pay attention to the things I said before. This type of fighting really is tiring, but if we’re going to set a new record, then you definitely need to give your 100%.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Understood.” Tang Rou waited until Ye Xiu let her sit down before returning.</p>
    <p>“After you’ve finished clearing it twice, use my account to clear it three times.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You didn’t dungeon because you wanted to give me more chances to practice?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Yup. My account and your account’s damage from skills and mana consumption aren’t too different. Using them interchangeably will let you break into this type of fighting style even faster. Once you’ve formed this sort of habit, concentrate on getting familiar with your own account and you’ll be good.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then every time I dungeon, I’ll switch accounts.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“That’s fine.”</p>
    <p>“Then I’ll start with your account! Yours three times, mine two times. Five times is perfect.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Ye Xiu got up and let Tang Rou play on his Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou sat down and looked at his equipment’s damage, skills, and attributes. This made Ye Xiu very happy, this girl had good prospects!</p>
    <p>The two alternately used accounts. Ye Xiu trained. Tang Rou dungeoned. From time to time, Ye Xiu would turn around and give a few pointers. Tang Rou grasped it quickly. Her high mechanical skill was equivalent to having good hardware. In this sort of scenario, installing software was quite easy. With just software and no hardware, then the software couldn’t be used. And upgrading hardware was much more troublesome.</p>
    <p>Seeing Tang Rou’s rapid progress, Ye Xiu felt that she was quite reliable. She wasn’t like that guy Steamed Bun Invasion, who made him worry. Even worse, Steamed Bun Invasion’s level was high. He wasn’t like Tang Rou who was still Level 20 and had more space to practice.</p>
    <p>“If it’s just these two, I might still be lacking!” Ye Xiu sighed. Right now, he had already understood who his opponents were. They were pros, which made it even more clear what type of strength he needed. Equipment actually didn’t need to be understood. Level 25 and the new server, equipment couldn’t make much of a difference. The damage was at most at the level of Purple equipment.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou’s dungeoning needed an hour. After clearing it five times, daybreak had arrived long ago. The Interent Cafe employees with the morning shift came and saw that there weren’t any customers in the Internet Cafe. There were only these two sitting at the reception desk madly gaming.</p>
    <p>“Wait a bit!” Seeing that people were coming to take her spot, Tang Rou wouldn’t let them. Her precious dungeon entries! How could she let them at this time.</p>
    <p>“ Come come. Come here!” Ye Xiu let up his computer.</p>
    <p>“You keep practicing. I’m going to make a phone call.” Ye Xiu said to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“Okay.” Tang Rou didn’t even turn her head.</p>
    <p>“Hello?” Ye Xiu called a number. The other side seemed a little fuzzy.</p>
    <p>“Have you gotten up?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Huh??” The voice immediately became clear, “Where are you?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
  </body>
</html>
