<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1622 - Cruel Hand Speed</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1622 - Cruel Hand Speed</h1>
    <p>The moment Du Ming left the battlefield, the stadium erupted with wild cheers. The cheers came from the away team stands.</p>
    <p>The Happy fans that had followed the team to their away game couldn’t contend against Samsara’s fans. If you weren’t listening carefully enough, it was almost impossible to hear the shouts and cheers for Happy. However, despite their feeble existence, the Happy fans never gave in. They were doing their best to cheer for their team.</p>
    <p>Too many people had scoffed at the thought of Happy reaching this step. Some of them even thought of Happy making their way to the finals was a lucky fluke. Losing to Samsara would be a glorious end to their season.</p>
    <p>But the Happy fans that had followed their team to Samsara’s home stadium disagreed. They had come to cheer on their team despite the overwhelming opposition because they thought that there was glory in defeat.</p>
    <p>What they wanted was for Happy to win, to become the newly crowned champions.</p>
    <p>Even if others might laugh at them for overestimating themselves, their thirst for victory wouldn’t waver.</p>
    <p>No matter how weak the team was, all of them dreamed of becoming the champions. Happy had struggled their way through the season. Glory in defeat? A glorious end? They didn’t need any of that. They wanted to win. Only by winning and becoming the champions would they be satisfied.</p>
    <p>This was why Happy absolutely could not lose this match. It was their final chance.</p>
    <p>But no matter how determined they may be, they knew that today’s match would be extremely challenging. Happy was playing in their away game, and their opponents had a one game lead. Happy carried an enormous amount of pressure going in.</p>
    <p>A lot of people might have forgotten about this aspect. In their eyes, there was no pressure for Happy because losing was normal. Happy shouldn’t have any hopes of winning.</p>
    <p>But reality trumped rhetoric. Happy was showing everyone that their efforts weren’t just to welcome defeat. Despite being on the backfoot, they were still aiming to win.</p>
    <p>Two point lead in the group arena.</p>
    <p>One person lead in the team competition.</p>
    <p>It didn’t matter what had lead to this situation. It didn’t matter what the outcome of this match was. Right now, how stimulating! Happy’s performance was too stimulating! Happy’s fans felt like they had been injected with drugs, especially the ones cheering from the stadium. The noise that they made was a challenge to the devilish home crowd.</p>
    <p>So what if we don’t have as many people as you guys? We’re winning. We have a huge three point lead.</p>
    <p>From a match perspective, Happy’s lead was enough to leave their opponents speechless, especially after killing off Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost with such ease. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain had taken zero damage, and the damage that Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea had taken was from the pincer by Lu Boyuan and Du Ming earlier. This lead had been earned almost perfectly.</p>
    <p>But how could the Samsara fans endure the overjoyed expressions on the Happy fans. Even if they had nothing to back up their cheers, they weren’t going to let themselves be outdone.</p>
    <p>The noise in the stadium reached a new high. Samsara’s fans had been able to overwhelm Happy’s fans in the end. However, they were just relying on their numbers advantage. The contribution from each individual couldn’t compare to a tenth of a Happy fan.</p>
    <p>Hurry up and do something!</p>
    <p>It would be a lie to say that Samsara’s fans weren’t worried, especially seeing how the opposing fans were so delighted. Even if they could overwhelm their opponents in noise, it didn’t give them a sense of victory because victory wouldn’t be decided by which side shouted louder, but by the players on stage. If their team couldn’t beat their opponents, then their cheers and shouts were just empty words.</p>
    <p>Come on! Come on!</p>
    <p>Samsara’s fans thought to themselves. But there didn’t seem to be any possible turning points right now. Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost had died. Fang Minghua’s Laughing Song had automatically entered the field, and Lu Boyuan’s Chaotic Cloudy Mountain was hurrying over to convene with him. Protecting the healer was a bigger priority than counterattacking.</p>
    <p>Did they need to search for hope on the other side?</p>
    <p>Trash room.</p>
    <p>The conflict between Ye Xiu and Samsara’s three players hadn’t stopped. There hadn’t been any direct clashes, but Ye Xiu being able to escape again and again was enough to astonish everyone. But in return, Ye Xiu had suffered greatly, whether it was himself as a player or his character.</p>
    <p>His tempo was starting to falter. His control over Lord Grim was no longer as precise as before.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai, Sun Xiang, Jiang Botao.</p>
    <p>Any one of these three players had the ability to contend with Ye Xiu one on one. None of them could be underestimated. However, Ye Xiu needed to fight against the three of them by himself. The amount of energy he put in wasn’t nearly as simple as three times the amount.</p>
    <p>This could be seen from the hand speed statistics. Ye Xiu’s hand speed averaged 340 APM overall this round. As for the team competition itself, his stats were calculated starting from when Lord Grim started clashing with Samsara’s three players. His hand speed for the team competition averaged 510.</p>
    <p>510!</p>
    <p>For many pro players, this was their limit, but right now, it was Ye Xiu’s average.</p>
    <p>Seeing this number, the viewers couldn’t help but gasp in astonishment. But to the pro players watching, they had forgotten to be astonished. This average hand speed of 510 was a form of cruelty.</p>
    <p>It was cruel to the opponents and cruel to Ye Xiu himself.</p>
    <p>His opponents were dealing with this hand speed, although to be more accurate, it was more the other way around. Ye Xiu needed this hand speed to deal with the pressure that his three opponents were giving him. This cruelty was being undertaken by Ye Xiu alone.</p>
    <p>“Too reckless…” Even Han Wenqing made a note of Ye Xiu’s craziness, and he was always fearless in battle.</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie furrowed his brows, carefully observing the curve given by the data. After all, 510 was an average. His hand speed wasn’t constant. There were ups and downs. As a result, Zhang Xinjie tried to look for relatively clear flat areas. He reckoned that Ye Xiu was resting during these flat periods. That was the only way he could maintain an average hand speed of 510.</p>
    <p>But no…</p>
    <p>The hand speed curve was extremely messy with huge ups and downs. From this chaotic curve, Ye Xiu’s difficulties could be seen clearly. His actions were being forced out by his opponents. If he didn’t keep up this hand speed, Lord Grim would already be a corpse.</p>
    <p>And from the changes in the curve, Ye Xiu was having more and more trouble holding on. Samsara’s three players was aware of this point, so even though they knew that Ye Xiu stalling all three of them was unfavorable for Samsara as a whole, they didn’t make any adjustments. When Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost fell and his name turned gray, they even became more decisive with their attacks.</p>
    <p>This was the price of perseverance. It was only by killing Lord Grim would they make up for this price.</p>
    <p>Soon!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim still had 52% of his health left. He still had more than half of his health left. However, the three on Samsara could feel Ye Xiu’s reaction speed and response slipping. They knew that Ye Xiu was on the verge of defeat.</p>
    <p>“Ye Xiu’s nearing his limits…” Huang Shaotian said gravely. Yu Wenzhou didn’t make any objections. Sitting in front of them, Wang Jiexi and Tiny Herb’s hand speed expert Liu Xiaobie were also silent.</p>
    <p>“Uh…” But on the other side, there were people who wanted to say something but were hesitating.</p>
    <p>Lou Guanning, Zou Yunhai, Wen Kebei, Gu Xiye, Zhong Yeli.</p>
    <p>Team Heavenly Swords had come to watch the match as well. Even though all of them had powerful and wealthy family backgrounds, in the pro circle, they were the younger generation. Their skill couldn’t compete with the top players. But while their seniors had come to the same conclusion, these five disagreed. When Wen Kebei heard Huang Shaotian say “he’s nearing his limit,” he couldn’t help but say something. But when he saw that no one was paying attention to him, he hesitated and decided against it.</p>
    <p>“What is it?” someone asked. It was Sun Zheping, who had come with them.</p>
    <p>“I don’t think… this is God Ye Xiu’s limit?” Lou Guanning said.</p>
    <p>“What?” Sun Zheping was doubtful.</p>
    <p>“You guys all think this is limit?” Wen Kebei had been too afraid to speak up because everyone else had come to a different conclusion than him.</p>
    <p>“It seems like you guys know something?” Sun Zheping asked.</p>
    <p>“Uh…” The five on Heavenly Swords looked at one another.</p>
    <p>“We’ve experienced his hand speed before,” Lou Guanning said.</p>
    <p>Sun Zheping laughed. Ye Xiu’s hand speed. Hadn’t he experienced it nine years ago? At that time, Ye Xiu had been at his peak. No matter how unwilling Ye Xiu might be or how great he still was, his age was there. Certain things couldn’t be decided by pure willpower.</p>
    <p>“That’s not what I mean. We saw his hand speed through different means,” Lou Guanning saw that Sun Zheping had misunderstood him. They were rookies. How could they dare to talk about experience facing someone as senior as him?</p>
    <p>“Different means?” Sun Zheping didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“Piano!” Lou Guanning said.</p>
    <p>“What?” Sun Zheping was very interested. “Piano?”</p>
    <p>“Piano!” Wen Kebei affirmed.</p>
    <p>“What about it?”</p>
    <p>“God Ye Xiu can play it!”</p>
    <p>“Are you thinking of someone else?” Sun Zheping wasn’t the type to waver, but hearing them talk about Ye Xiu playing piano, he was having trouble believing them.</p>
    <p>“Of course not! During last year’s All-Star Weekend…” Lou Guaning quickly told them about their dinner party that night.</p>
    <p>“The tempo in a piece is fixed, so based on the amount of time that Ye Xiu used to finish the piece, we can calculate his hand speed. Playing piano is different than playing Glory, but at least for piano, Ye Xiu’s max hand speed should be…” Lou Guanning suddenly stopped at the crucial moment.</p>
    <p>“How much?” Sun Zheping asked.</p>
    <p>“900…” Lou Guanning’s voice trembled. He knew the answer beforehand, but he was still scared by it, “48 seconds, a steady 900 APM.”</p>
  </body>
</html>
