<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 440 – Team Feature</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 440 – Team Feature</h1>
    <p>All of the Clubs were worried because of this.</p>
    <p>Meanwhile, at Happy Internet Cafe, Ye Xiu and Chen Guo were also looking at the news and the discussions that were being spread around by the players.</p>
    <p>“They…… were being a bit naive with their team roster, but they’re being pretty mature in hyping the team up.” Ye Xiu commented.</p>
    <p>“What do you mean?”</p>
    <p>“See, they intentionally broke the message into two parts. First, they announced that I had joined Guild Heavenly Justice through the forums. Then, they released news that they were creating a team through the eSport platforms. But did they ever say that I joined their team? No, right?” Ye Xiu said, “This is to protect them from any form of criticism down the line. If they had said that I had joined their team, they would clearly be lying!”</p>
    <p>“But they’re intentionally misleading everyone!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Obviously.”</p>
    <p>“They’ve thought a lot about it!” Chen Guo disdained.</p>
    <p>“If they don’t take their time to think, they won’t be alive for very long.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How come I didn’t really see any thought being put into their team roster?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Youngsters are quite naive.” Ye Xiu said, “But if they were thinking about amazing the world as soon as they had began, don’t you think they would put quite a lot of thought into it?”</p>
    <p>“Is their skill really not that good or were you intentionally provoking them?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Am I really that mean?” Ye Xiu was speechless.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo thought about it for a moment before finally saying: “If you were being nice, then was it because you pointed out that their skill wasn’t good enough or was it because you had provoked them to improve?”</p>
    <p>“It’s because I pointed out that their skill wasn’t good enough, of course.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How are they when compared to me?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“You?” Ye Xiu’s expression already told her of his reply.</p>
    <p>“You’re real nice, aren’t you!” Chen Guo grinded her teeth.</p>
    <p>Listening to the news and looking at the drama, this was what Chen Guo did on her computer. Ye Xiu, on the other hand, continued to level. It was a pity that he couldn’t do any quests or dungeons in the Heavenly Domain. Although the experience from wild monsters in the Heavenly Domain was a lot better than they were in the normal servers, his leveling speed couldn’t compare to the players who gained experience through the many Level 50 dungeons. In the normal servers, the players had already reached Level 51. In the Heavenly Domain, Ye Xiu didn’t spend any less time than they had, but he was only two thirds of the way to Level 50.</p>
    <p>There was nothing Ye Xiu could do in this Level 50-55 range. No matter how hard he tried, it would be very hard for him to maintain this leveling speed, so he wanted to hurry and get past this difficult leveling range. Especially because the current situation was now stable, Ye Xiu needed to take full advantage of it. After getting past this level range, from Level 55 to 70, the Heavenly Domain would have plenty of dungeons to run and many quests to complete. Leveling in the dungeon was much safer when compared to leveling in the wild and the rewards were much better too.</p>
    <p>The sensation outside of the game had slowly trickled into the game. First was Guild Heavenly Justice. When the members had heard that their boss was going to form a team and enter the pro scene, they immediately became extremely proud of themselves. The current guild members of Heavenly Justice would naturally be Loulan Slash’s first supporters.</p>
    <p>Because of the number of players in the Heavenly Domain, there were ten global chat channels, which players called, Channel 1, Channel 2, Channel 3, Channel 4…… all ten channels were discussing this news. With a team being formed, the first thing players wanted to know was who the team members would be.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash’s advertising was really quite good and he understood what the players wanted. They had Lord Grim attract everyone’s attention. But after that, they maintained the mysterious atmosphere and didn’t reveal any of their team members.</p>
    <p>That evening, on the eSports channel, the creation of the team was the lead story. In the following article, they highlighted a few classes, holding the players in suspension. So far, the players knew which classes would be on the team, but who were the players exactly? It was still a mystery.</p>
    <p>The Club guilds were still enduring silently. There would always be teams that would join the Alliance ever year, but this was the first time the team had rooted in the Glory game. In addition, Loulan Slash and Lord Grim were already famous players. The amount of attention the team had attracted was absolutely unprecedented. It would be unwise for the Clubs to stop the waves from flowing. Even Excellent Era wouldn’t dare do such a thing.</p>
    <p>They could only wait for the waves to pass. The one thing they didn’t know was that Heavenly Justice had talked about all this before.</p>
    <p>“Not a bad job! Of all the teams over the years, you’ve probably done the best.” Ye Xiu said to Loulan Slash.</p>
    <p>“It’s not bad, it’s not bad.” Loulan Slash had suffered a large blow in the Arena, but was comforted greatly by their successful marketing.</p>
    <p>“Next, I suggest that you slowly release information little by little.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?”</p>
    <p>“With the huge sensation you have created, the teams now hate you to death. The foundation you now have in the game is a clear target for them to suppress you with. But with the amount of attention you have on you right now, they can’t rashly initiate a war with you. Do you understand what I’m saying?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So you’re saying that we should slowly release information in order to prolong the amount of attention we get?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Correct. The fact that your foundation comes from within game is different from the past teams, so you have to hurry and assimilate your power in-game into the Club guilds’ balance of power and restrict the Clubs from making any large movements. Only by doing this will you be able to develop smoothly.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How complicated…….” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Did you really think that the pro scene was just a competition, match after match?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If not?”</p>
    <p>“It’s a business.” Ye Xiu sighed.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash went silent for a moment before replying: “How boring.”</p>
    <p>“It really is.” Ye Xiu agreed.</p>
    <p>“You can’t always do as you like in order to survive in this world. Is it this concept?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“As long as you understand :)” Ye Xiu sent a smiley face: “Unless you only want to walk freely for a short while. In that case, you don’t need to think about all this.”</p>
    <p>“That’s not what I want to do. Our goal is to be Champions!” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“So you have to create a good foundation. Champions aren’t created in one day. Your starting point is very good. Don’t waste this great opportunity you have.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Our starting point is good?” Loulan Slash said sullenly, “What I’m worried about is that with all of the attention we now have, our actual skill won’t match this popularity! When we got into the Alliance and the results came out, if it’s too terrible, won’t we immediately lose a whole bunch of supporters?”</p>
    <p>“Yes, that’s true. Right now, you only have popularity and attention. If you want to turn this into team fans, then it needs to be done through the team’s performance. But you have to understand that a team’s fans isn’t always gotten through achievements, but through the team’s features.”</p>
    <p>“Features?”</p>
    <p>“It could be a feature that players can resonate with or a unique feature that no other team has. I’ll give you an example: land. The land your base of operations is located is a feature that many players can resonate with.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That counts too!” Loulan Slash began to sweat.</p>
    <p>“Of course, City H clearly has a lot of Excellent Era fans. City S, where the All Stars took place, has a lot of Samsara fans. Where do you live?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I live in City B.” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“City B…….” Ye Xiu sent a helpless emoji. It seemed like everything he said was for nothing.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash also understood: “City B already has two teams……”</p>
    <p>“If you go, you’ll be the third…..”</p>
    <p>“One of them is even Tiny Herb, the Champion team! We will have to try and win over Tiny Herb fans?” Loulan Slash wanted to cry.</p>
    <p>“It’s very challenging isn’t it?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Too challenging…….” Loulan Slash was already choking.</p>
    <p>“Land is an intrinsic feature. It’s a relatively simple one. The others such as ace players or characters are also a type of feature. Among these, there’s actually one class that’s missing. I don’t know if you’ve noticed it or not.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?”</p>
    <p>“Did you watch this year’s All Star Weekend?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Of course!” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Among the All Star players, not a single player used a Summoner.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh……” Loulan Slash recalled. It was true.</p>
    <p>“So if you can push out an All Star level Summoner, you’ll definitely win a lot of Summoner fans.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Summoner…… we don’t have one either…..” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“It’s just an example.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Hearing God speak, why does it feel like we hadn’t plan enough for our team?” Loulan Slash cried.</p>
    <p>“Uh, I’m just giving examples.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“We don’t have any features!” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Then you can only decide on your position. You’ll have to know what type of style you want the team to play.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“………..” The ellipses let Ye Xiu know that Loulan Slash hadn’t had any of those thoughts.</p>
    <p>“Right now it’s February. There’s still three more months in this season and then a three month summer break. You’ll have a good half a year to prepare before the season starts again in September. You’ll have to find the correct way to improve yourselves. Bullying normal players in the Arena won’t help you much anymore.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“D*mn! You even know about that?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“Know what?” Ye Xiu wasn’t sure.</p>
    <p>“You don’t know? Nevermind then…….” Loulan Slash felt a bit embarrassed. After being crushed by Ye Xiu in the Arena last time, they went into the Arena to regain their confidence by bullying normal players. Even though they had won every battle, they still weren’t able to gain back their confidence. When Ye Xiu said it, Loulan Slash thought that God knew about their ridiculous actions.</p>
    <p>“It’s not that there aren’t any experts in the Arena. It’s just that it’s too difficult to find them. It’ll mostly be a waste of time. You have to fight with real experts and gain experience. Under harsh conditions, practice your synergy and find your own strategy that fits you. The team’s members can be switched, but if you can maintain the same unique playing style, that’ll be a very valuable asset to your team. This is a team’s feature.”</p>
    <p>“A feature again……” Loulan Slash was foaming at the mouth. After talking for quite a while, they came back to same issue.</p>
  </body>
</html>
