<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1562: Former Radiance</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1562: Former Radiance</h1>
    <p>In the team competition of the playoffs, Happy switched out their healer…</p>
    <p>Everyone in the Alliance knew how bold Happy was and knew that they  would occasionally make an unconventional gambit. However, no one  thought that they would dare to do so in this life-and-death playoffs  match.</p>
    <p>A fully offensive team, staking everything in one throw.</p>
    <p>In competitive play, these two phrases went hand-in-hand. When the  formation came into play, it meant that there was no retreating. A team  without a healer could only push forward and attack. There was no second  option.</p>
    <p>However, in the eyes of the pro players spectating the match, none of  them felt like Happy was at a point where they needed to take this  step. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain stood at an absolutely safe position,  and with her support, it wouldn’t be a problem for Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim to  climb back up again and reach a safe position. Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea  was being attacked by three players and was indeed in a difficult  situation, but with his cunning, he should be able to escape if that was  his only goal.</p>
    <p>The confidence in Fang Rui from the pro players showed just how much  trouble he had given them over his career. However, after watching for  awhile longer, they realized that if Fang Rui wanted to rely on his  dirtiness to escape today, he would encounter an obstacle that he had  never encountered before. Among the players attacking him was one called  Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>The one who understood him the best was his opponent.</p>
    <p>Roll, twist, feint, turn!</p>
    <p>Through Boundless Sea’s dirty tricks, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust  staggered into a bad position. Song Qiying was still too inexperienced  and lacked the foresight. His River Sunset wanted to attack, but he  discovered that he was being blocked by his teammate, Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Did he escape?</p>
    <p>A Brick crashed into Boundless Sea’s face.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder.</p>
    <p>The attack wasn’t nearly as striking as the attacks from the two  Strikers, but whenever Boundless Sea was able to create an opening, Lin  Jingyan’s Dark Thunder would always be there to seal it off.</p>
    <p>It had only been a short moment, yet it had already happened three times.</p>
    <p>It had only been a short moment, yet Boundless Sea had already lost a third of his health.</p>
    <p>Because of Lin Jingyan, Han Wenqing and Song Qiying could focus fully  on attacking because the task of preventing Fang Rui from escaping  belonged to Lin Jingyan. If not, Han Wenqing’s and Song Qiying’s assault  wouldn’t have been so lacking that Fang Rui could find three openings  in such a short amount of time. All of it was because Han Wenqing and  Song Qiying didn’t care about giving him openings because Lin Jingyan  had their backs.</p>
    <p>In the group arena, Lin Jingyan had been the main reason that Tyranny  had fallen behind. However, he was now Tyranny’s most trusted player.</p>
    <p>Number four!</p>
    <p>He had successfully stopped Fang Rui for a fourth time.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was starting to panic. Not a single peep came from him. Of  the three players attacking him, two of them were Strikers, who were  close-quarter specialists. How could he have any time to spare to type  out any trash talk? In the beginning, he thought that he would be able  to easily escape from those two blockheads, but after being stopped  twice by Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder, he realized that those two weren’t  stupid.</p>
    <p>If he wanted to escape, his opponents weren’t those two, but his old partner!</p>
    <p>After changing classes, he had taken advantage of the fact that his  opponents were unfamiliar with the new “Qi Master Fang Rui”.  Unfortunately, his old partner was still able to keep up with his  thoughts and his pace even after he had changed classes.</p>
    <p>If he wanted to escape, he needed to find a way to break through. He needed to do something he had never done before.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui suddenly stopped trying to escape and started defending and dodging, doing his best to survive.</p>
    <p>Give up on escaping? Quietly wait to be rescued?</p>
    <p>The spectators were all thinking the same thing. After all, they knew  about Happy’s strategic decision, and Fang Rui obviously knew about it  too. An Wenyi was switched out for Luo Ji. This sort of decision wasn’t  something that An Wenyi could decide on his own. Ye Xiu had clearly  given the order in Happy’s team chat. As a result, Fang Rui also knew  that his team was coming full force to rescue him.</p>
    <p>It was unlikely that Tyranny wouldn’t think of Happy coming to rescue  him, but it was unlikely that they would expect Happy to give up on  their healer. In Tyranny’s preparations against Happy’s rescue  operation, Tyranny would likely be considering either a Battle Mage and  Cleric, or a Summoner and Cleric situation.</p>
    <p>Was Happy trying to surprise Tyranny?</p>
    <p>The pro players thought about this question, but it didn’t look like  Tyranny planned on making any changes. After Fang Rui stopped trying to  escape, the three attackers kept the same formation. The two Strikers  went all-out in their offense, while Lin Jingyan was on guard.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was even more annoyed.</p>
    <p>However, he hadn’t given up on escaping! Because he was quite clear  about the high risks of switching out their healer. He knew that the  reason Happy had made such a risky decision was because of his current  predicament. If he could safely escape, Su Mucheng was already safe, and  Ye Xiu could easily escape as well. In that case, Happy could regroup  and try a different strategy. There was no need to gamble everything on  one throw.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui’s thoughts had originally been the same as the other pro  players watching. Happy shouldn’t need to have to make such a risky play  in this important life-and-death match yet. But soon, he changed his  mind. Right now, he was in the predicament. He was the breakthrough that  Tyranny had seized. He was the one who wasn’t able to escape, pulling  Happy down along with him. Although it wasn’t like escaping from a 1v3  was ever an easy task, Fang Rui hated how he was the weak point.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou and Luo Ji would come soon, but Fang Rui still wanted to try and change the current situation before they arrived.</p>
    <p>However, Tyranny wasn’t going to fall for it. He faked his true  intentions to try bait Tyranny into changing their approach, but Tyranny  refused to do so.</p>
    <p>Truly a bunch of stubborn bastards!!</p>
    <p>With no time to type out any words, Fang Rui could only curse at them  inwardly. He was truly annoyed at Tyranny. How could he know that in  reality, when he began faking his true intentions, Lin Jingyan  immediately warned Tyranny: “Ignore it.”</p>
    <p>In the end, Lin Jingyan had seen through him.</p>
    <p>After Fang Rui changed classes, Lin Jingyan wasn’t used to the way  his Qi Master played either. However, Lin Jingyan understood how Fang  Rui thought. Oftentimes, he wasn’t predicting what Fang Rui would do,  but predicting how Fang Rui wanted to do it. He wasn’t looking at Fang  Rui’s methods, but rather his intentions. With his two teammates  pressuring Fang Rui, he was able to get a more precise read on him.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui saw that his plan wasn’t working and could only try switch it up again.</p>
    <p>If trickery doesn’t work, then try brute force!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui decided. He tossed aside his dirtiness and suddenly began trying to brute force his way out.</p>
    <p>At this moment, a message popped up in Happy’s team chat: Lin.</p>
    <p>The message came from Ye Xiu. Artillery fire soon followed.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain suddenly increased the pressure towards his side. In an instant, artillery shells rained down.</p>
    <p>Perfect!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui cheered. This sort of surprise almost made him cry out in excitement.</p>
    <p>Team competition. On this stage, you were never alone. When you needed help the most, your teammate would always support you.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom.</p>
    <p>Artillery shells blotted the sky. Amidst the flames, Boundless Sea swung his fists, Spiri</p>
    <p>The swirling qi carried Boundless Sea as he shot forward.</p>
    <p>His target, Dark Thunder!</p>
    <p>To break through, Fang Rui chose his old partner. Familiarity was  something both sides could use as weapons. Fang Rui felt like he had a  better chance breaking through against Lin Jingyan than those two  Strikers. Moreover, Su Mucheng was providing support towards this side,  which came from Ye Xiu’s orders. It seemed like Ye Xiu had thought the  same as him!</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder backed away.</p>
    <p>He dodged Dancing Rain’s artillery fire, while also getting out of  the way of the spiralling qi. His retreat was straight as an arrow. He  tried his hardest to maintain the distance between the two of them,  refusing to let out an opening.</p>
    <p>Tyranny had lost one point in the group arena because of him. He  wasn’t going to give up another opening, not just for this match, but  for this entire year, perhaps even for his entire life.</p>
    <p>In this short moment, Lin Jingyan had completely forgotten his age.  He completely forgot what would come next. He only knew that he needed  to stop Fang Rui from escaping no matter what.</p>
    <p>Right now, Dark Thunder wasn’t a character controlled by a faltering  old general, but by a dazzling one. He was clearly just jumping  backwards, but the rhythm he did it at felt smooth and easy.</p>
    <p>Jump jump jump. He jumped backwards in a straight line. The Spiral Qi  Rush tore through the air, but it was never able to reach Dark Thunder.  This attack, supported by Dancing Rain’s artillery fire, was  unexpectedly unable to dig out an opening from Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui immediately wanted to attack again, but to his surprise, Lin  Jingyan reacted far faster than he could. It was as if Lin Jingyan had  been waiting for this moment.</p>
    <p>Tiger Flips the Mountain!</p>
    <p>Double Crescent!</p>
    <p>Pain of Scars!</p>
    <p>The outdated Demon Subduer three-hit combo once again shined brightly.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea was knocked backwards. Two injuries were torn out from  Boundless Sea as the two crescents struck, leaving him bleeding.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had been completely blocked.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was in a daze. He hadn’t thought that Lin Jingyan would be  able to reach this step. He thought that he had understood Lin Jingyan  well enough. He was sure that his Spiral Qi Rush would have been enough  to break past Lin Jingyan’s limits and send him flying back or forcing  him to the side.</p>
    <p>But it wasn’t enough!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan used the most direct method to dodge the Spiral Qi Rush, using that outdated combo of his to counterattack.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wanted to try break through by force, but in the end, Lin Jingyan had beaten him.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui suddenly realized that perhaps he only understood a portion  of Lin Jingyan. The signature technique of Lin Jingyan’s unexpectedly  seemed so unfamiliar to him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
