<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1694 - Phantom Demon’s Obstruction</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1694 - Phantom Demon’s Obstruction</h1>
    <p>Boom boom boom...</p>
    <p>Lord Grim and Soft Mist sent Laughing Song hurtling away. As they pushed him along, they attacked Laughing Song whenever they could. The skillful coordination between the two of them made even their teammate, Qiao Yifan, sigh in admiration. At the same time, he also noticed that Lord Grim had set it up so that Laughing Song wouldn't be able to see One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>"Is that also considered Vanishing Step?" Qiao Yifan thought to himself. He didn't forget to be diligent with his observations. Whether it was an ally or an enemy, he would do his best to find things that he could improve upon from them. From Lord Grim's attacks towards Laughing Song, Qiao Yifan could see hints of Vanishing Step. Usually, Vanishing Step was performed by moving into their dead angles. In this case, Ye Xiu was using Lord Grim's attacks to adjust Laughing Song's positioning, placing One Inch Ash inside Laughing Song's dead angles.</p>
    <p>"The principle's the same, but it looks even harder than Vanishing Step," Qiao Yifan believed. Using attacks to control someone else's character was definitely much more difficult than controlling your own character.　</p>
    <p>Now, it's my turn!</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan wouldn't forget to keep learning even inside a match, but he wouldn't forget about his mission either. Seeing Lord Grim and Soft Mist moving Laughing Song along, his One Inch Ash immediately began casting as if he had received an order.</p>
    <p>The ghostly power flowed along his blade like water. Suddenly, it dripped down, and sunk into the ground, spreading outwards.　</p>
    <p>Outside of the ruins, Wu Qi's Cruel Silence was still the fastest among Samsara. Even though Samsara had noticed that Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash had suddenly vanished, rescuing Laughing Song was necessary. For now, they could only stay in pursuit, while being wary of their surroundings.</p>
    <p>Nineteen steps away!</p>
    <p>Wu Qi was keeping track of the distance. The distance between Cruel Silence and Laughing Song wasn't steady. Sometimes, the distance would widen. Sometimes, the distance would shrink. After all, the two sides weren't simply running. Ye Xiu and Tang Rou had to coordinate together, and Wu Qi needed to avoid Su Mucheng's interference.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, not marking Su Mucheng had a huge impact. Samsara could feel it deeply. If not for Dancing Rain's interference, they might have been able to catch up to Lord Grim and Soft Mist by now.</p>
    <p>However, the situation couldn't be considered too terrible.　　</p>
    <p>Wu Qi was confident. With him in close pursuit, Lord Grim and Soft Mist could only attack on occasion. Laughing Song would still be able to survive for a long time.</p>
    <p>During this time, would the two on Happy be able to keep this up without making a single mistake?</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai's previous long-ranged assistance had failed, but that didn't mean it would stop there. Suppose the worst case: An Wenyi's Little Cold Hands was able to prevent him from providing support every single time. In that case, Zhou Zekai could simply focus on killing Little Cold Hands, and then help them. There was more than enough time.</p>
    <p>There was also Su Mucheng's interference. Samsara was preparing to restrict her. Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was slower than the others. He was being left farther and farther behind, so it was pointless for him to continue chasing. He might as well turn around and go for Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>The others hadn't noticed the Stun Bullet from Su Mucheng onto Cloud Piercer, but Zhou Zekai had. He told his team, and the team felt like a BOX-1 on Su Mucheng was necessary. They shouldn't be giving her free rein.</p>
    <p>However, Samsara hadn't expected Happy to make such a bold play. Moreover, Ye Xiu's methods were rather risky, which was why they all charged over there. If they had known this would end up being a competition in speed and that Happy had specifically practiced for this, they would have split up the work long ago. For example, Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was a Spellblade, who wasn't suited for a race.</p>
    <p>They had promptly made the necessary adjustments. It couldn't be said that their reaction was slow, so they weren't feeling too frantic at the moment. The only problem was Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>That guy had suddenly disappeared. Fore Samsara, he was a huge worry. Phantom Demons had immense crowd control. If they were suddenly caught in one of his ghost boundaries, it would be devastating.　　</p>
    <p>Even though they were worried, Samsara didn't slow down. The only thing that they could do was give chase.</p>
    <p>Since they weren't clear about One Inch Ash's situation, worrying about him too much would only distract them. Samsara was quite resolved about this point.　　</p>
    <p>Wu Qi's Cruel Silence carried on the glorious speed of an Assassin, moving swiftly like an arrow. With a flicker, he appeared into Qiao Yifan's line of sight.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, he slowed down.</p>
    <p>What's going on?</p>
    <p>Wu Qi was startled for a moment, but he quickly realized what had happened. The earth beneath Cruel Silence's feet looked as if it had been dyed with black ink. His every moment suddenly seemed heavy.</p>
    <p>Ash Boundary increased the weight of the affected characters, reducing their movement speed. The effects had spread onto Cruel Silence.</p>
    <p>The distance between Cruel Silence and Laughing Song suddenly widened. Cruel Silence could only trudge his way through slowly. He turned his head, and saw One Inch Ash hiding behind the wall.</p>
    <p>Wu Qi sent a message, telling his team of One Inch Ash's position.　　</p>
    <p>However, it would take him some time before he walked out of the Ash Boundary. Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was charging towards Dancing Rain. Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer was no longer stunned, but he couldn't see One Inch Ash from his position. It would be hard for him to cover him.</p>
    <p>There was only Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf left.　　</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf had also been caught by the Ash Boundary. However, he had been slightly behind Cruel Silence, who was at the very center of it. That meant that he would be able to exit the Ash Boundary much sooner.</p>
    <p>Right now, they needed to keep close to Lord Grim and Soft Mist, which meant that they had to keep pushing forward. However, if he wanted to leave this Ash Boundary, he would need to fall back.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf moved back. He had no other choice.</p>
    <p>Cruel Silence slowly moved forward as he waited for a skill to come off cooldown. 　</p>
    <p>Shining Cut!</p>
    <p>With this movement skill, Cruel Silence would be able to quickly get out of the Ash Boundary.</p>
    <p>But then, he saw the ghost god's power gathering around One Inch Ash's tachi, Snow Stripe.</p>
    <p>This...</p>
    <p>A deathly silence descended.　　</p>
    <p>The Shining Cut that had just gone off cooldown was suddenly sealed.</p>
    <p>Silence Boundary. All skills were silenced while inside of it. </p>
    <p>Weighed down by Ash Boundary and silenced by Silence Boundary, Cruel Silence could only slowly walk forward.</p>
    <p>Even though One Autumn Leaf had escaped, if he wanted to push forward, he would need to go around the ghost boundary. 　</p>
    <p>Lord Grim and Soft Mist were getting farther and farther away, but he would need to go around the ghost boundary while also being careful of One Inch Ash. Sun Xiang was feeling particularly annoyed.</p>
    <p>But right now, he was facing an even more difficult choice.　　</p>
    <p>Should he continue chasing after Lord Grim and Soft Mist, or should he go after One Inch Ash?</p>
    <p>He wasn't the only one thinking this question. Outside of the match, the pro players were also in a fervent discussion.</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf was very far from Lord Grim and Soft Mist. If he continued to give chase, would he be able to catch up? Lord Grim and Soft Mist had no way escaped outside of Cloud Piercer's attack range. If Zhou Zekai wanted to provide support to his side, he would need to give up on Little Cold Hands. However, giving up on Little Cold Hands was risky. Little Cold Hands didn't have much health left. If he gave up on him, and Laughing Song wasn't rescued in the end, it would be like losing an army after having given away the bride. It looked like Zhou Zekai was clearly prioritizing killing Little Cold Hands. Without his support and at this distance, would giving chase do anything?</p>
    <p>But if he didn't give chase... the other side would be completely free. They could stop and focus on attacking. It would be a 2v1, and it wouldn't be long before Laughing Song was killed. A healer for healer trade would be Samsara's loss. That was certain.</p>
    <p>Both options were unfavorable for Samsara...</p>
    <p>"But what if he could kill One Inch Ash here?" someone suddenly said.</p>
    <p>Both sides would kill the other side's healer, but Samsara would also take down One Inch Ash. That would be a 1v2 trade, and that was undoubtedly a trade that Samsara would take.</p>
    <p>"But that would be quite difficult, no?" Li Xuan said. He had the right of speech on anything related to Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash. As the number one Phantom Demon, he knew what Qiao Yifan should do next.</p>
    <p>"I know it." Seeing Qiao Yifan's response, Li Xuan nodded his head.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash walked out.</p>
    <p>His position was already exposed. There was no point in hiding behind the wall anymore, so he walked out from behind the wall. Not just Wu Qi, but Sun Xiang also knew exactly where he was.</p>
    <p>However, One Inch Ash was standing inside his ghost boundary.</p>
    <p>Ghost boundaries weren't just to control and restrict the enemy. Ghost boundaries such as Sword Boundary could also buff the Strength and Intelligence of allies. At the same time, the ghost boundaries that debuffed the enemy could also be considered a form of protection for allies as well, no?</p>
    <p>Countless players, especially the close-ranged ones, loathed ghost boundaries. The more extreme ones even considered ghost boundaries as a BUG.　　</p>
    <p>Because if the Ghostblade stepped into his own ghost boundary, how were the close-ranged classes supposed to fight him?</p>
    <p>How?</p>
    <p>Fight the Ghostblade while being unable to see inside a Darkness Boundary? Or while slowed in an Ash Boundary? Or while unable to use skills in a Silence Boundary?　</p>
    <p>It was impossible!</p>
    <p>That was why Sun Xiang could only look at him hatefully. It wasn't that close-ranged classes had no methods to deal with ghost boundary. However, these methods were slow and required time. But what Samsara lacked the most was time. While he slowly contended with Qiao Yifan, Ye Xiu and Tang Rou would kill off Laughing Song in the blink of an eye and then come back to help Qiao Yifan.</p>
    <p>"If Jiang Botao were still there..." Wang Jiexi said.　</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was a Spellblade. Spellblade attacks weren't long-ranged, but mid-ranged. But since he didn't need to get close, he didn't need to slowly contend with a Ghostblade. Moreover, with another player's fighting strength, Samsara would be able to kill One Inch Ash much faster if they focused him. They could decisively give up on Laughing Song, and go for a 2 for 1 trade.</p>
    <p>But unfortunately, Jiang Botao wasn't there.</p>
  </body>
</html>
