<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1354 - Decided by Details</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1354 - Decided by Details</h1>
    <p>Seeing Luo Ji’s careful arrangement, the Void fans were on the verge of collapse.</p>
    <p>What kind of people were these Happy players? What the hell was all this? This was an official match, you know? What were you taking it as, Carrot Fantasy or Plants versus Zombies or something? Seeing the summon creatures scattered across the map, it didn’t seem like Glory anymore, but some sort of tower defense game.</p>
    <p>However, Luo Ji didn’t seem to notice at all. Concealed Light poked a hole in the wall of the straw hut and looked out through the hole.</p>
    <p>The Void fans in the stadium were restless. They had an omniscient view, so they were even more clear on Blue Exorcist’s movements than Luo ji. Blue Exorcist really was approaching in this direction. Seeing his progress, it wouldn’t be long before he entered the formation Luo Ji had set. Though everyone looked upon this tower defense-like setup with contempt, but it also seemed very powerful.</p>
    <p>Ge Caijie… wouldn’t lose to this rookie would he?</p>
    <p>The Void fans began to worry. After Li Xuan had lost the first match they were disappointed like they had just lost ten points, their focus had subconsciously shifted as the match began, and they began to worry that Ge Caijie might walk into a trap. 　 He’s close! 　 On the big screen, it was showing Concealed Light’s view from where he was looking through the hole. Ge Caijie’s Blue Exorcist strolled right into view, looking completely unsuspecting.</p>
    <p>The audience felt their heart in knots, many of them yelling, but none of it could be heard by the players in the booths.</p>
    <p>However, Ge Caijie seemed to realize that it wasn’t logical that he still hadn’t seen hide nor hair of Concealed Light from this position. Blue Exorcist slowed his movement speed slightly.</p>
    <p>Step by step, carefully now. 　 However, Luo Ji was very patient. Although his heart was already jumping into his throat, he held himself still. He believed that this was his only chance for victory; he had to grasp it. His fingers were a little stiff from nerves, but his mechanics couldn’t go wrong.</p>
    <p>From Luo Ji’s view, everyone had realized what he was doing.</p>
    <p>Under the default settings, summon creatures would attack anyone who came within their aggro range. However, a summoner could command their summons to defend. That way, they would only attack those that came within attack range or those that attacked them first. They wouldn’t initiate combat or pursue targets. However, that wasn’t all that Luo Ji was doing with his summons. He was suppressing even the attacks that would be released when a target came within attack range. There was no setting for this, so if one wished to accomplish it, they could only continuously order their summons to defend.</p>
    <p>This was, of course, to make sure that his target was as deeply positioned within the formation as possible before attacking. However, if you wanted to suppress these attacks, you had to repeat actions at a certain rhythm. This sort of thing, for pro players, wasn’t anything hard, but Luo Ji was nervous! His fingers were stiff, and he wasn’t all that practiced at this sort of repetitive mechanics. It didn’t feel like his fingers were actually his. By this time, Blue Exorcist had already gotten rather deep into range and the audience was cursing up a storm, but Luo Ji didn’t think it was enough; his opponent hadn’t gotten to prime position yet! However, he really couldn’t continue with this repetitive actions that pro players shouldn’t find very hard. His stiff fingers broke rhythm.</p>
    <p>Swoosh!</p>
    <p>The ones to attack first was the Devil World Flower, hiding behind a tree. A vine creeped out of the ground and curled towards Blue Exorcist’s leg. Luo Ji, seeing this, knew that he was at his limit and couldn’t help but be overwhelmed by disappointment. But, at a time like this, he might as well hurry and attack.</p>
    <p>With Devil World Flower launching the assault, Young Wyvern and Thunder Eagle on the rooftops to the left and right also flew into the sky automatically, one spat a fireball down and the other spat a thunderbolt. Spirit Cat was a melee summon creature, so after telling it to defend, it wouldn’t move. Luo Ji immediately cancelled his defend order and then had Concealed Light begin casting to summon Frost Wolf.</p>
    <p>Ice Wolf was relatively large in size and didn’t have an appropriate hiding place in this area, so Luo Ji had Concealed Light summon directly.</p>
    <p>Outside of the straw hut, Devil World Flowers’ attack had come far too suddenly and by the time Ge Caijie noticed, hurriedly having his Aqua jump to dodge, it was too late. The vine whipped up, grabbing the limb it had caught and sending Blue Exorcist crashing back to the ground. 　 He couldn’t move!</p>
    <p>That was the side effect that the vine attack came with. Devil World Flower was extremely annoying because it had such an effect.</p>
    <p>Boom boom!</p>
    <p>A fireball from one side and a thunderbolt from the other crashed down.</p>
    <p>Blue Exorcist, unable to move, could only twist his body to dodge. However, he couldn’t dodge them completely like this and immediately, flames and electricity scorched his body. 　 Whirlwind!</p>
    <p>Ge Caijie was very decisive as well, knowing that it wasn’t the time to save up his skills. Blue Exorcist brandished his battle scythe, whirling it around and around. The vines of Devil World Flowers were like individual characters, having their own HP gauge. Once you used attacks to deplete its health, it would immediately break. Blue Exorcist ate another fireball and thunderbolt, but regained his movement, immediately lunging into a charge.</p>
    <p>He had already figured out the position of Devil World Flower. This summons had the strongest CC. Ge Caijie could tell that Blue Exorcist was too deep in his opponent’s formation. Trying to escape Devil World Flowers wasn’t the best choice at a time like this; killing it first would be the best option.</p>
    <p>Swoosh! 　 Another spike stabbed up from the ground. Devil World Flower’s attacks were considered very troublesome precisely because of how concealed they were. However, Ge Caijie’s Blue Exorcist was already leaping up to dodge it. He was extremely calm, and even when surrounded like this, he could still make clear judgements on when Devil World Flower would attack.</p>
    <p>The airborne Blue Exorcist already had a third of the Devil World Flower in view, his scythe raised and about to strike when suddenly, with a howl and a breath of cold, Frost Wolf lunged from the side and tackling him to the ground. 　 Concealed Light had also followed Frost Wolf out of the straw hut. Even though it was safer to hide inside the straw hut, his vision was limited and therefore would be limited in his control over his summon creatures. For example, if Concealed Light had been in the straw hut for Frost Wolf’s lunge, then he could only depend on the system-automated attacks and it probably wouldn’t have been timed so well. Summons on auto were rather dumb, knowing only to attack and attack and attack. They wouldn’t synchronize their actions and work with allies, and definitely wouldn’t time their attacks. Thus, Concealed Light showed himself, and Luo Ji would use this field of vision to carefully control his summons and make sure Blue Exorcist didn’t get another chance to escape. 　 Blue Exorcist, tackled to the ground and torn at by Frost Wolf, had been slowed. With two explosions, the airborne Young Wyvern and Thunder Eagle once again spat out their fireball and thunderbolt. Spirit Cat and already arrived as well. It was only by Luo Ji’s orders that it had yet to attack, leaving the tackle to Frost Wolf. Now, with the situation under control, Spirit Cat was free to come up and make its DPS contributions.</p>
    <p>Blue Exorcist rolled on the ground, dodging the attacks from the four Beasts, occasionally jumping up to avoid Devil World Flower’s sneak attacks from below. However, under the control of its summoner, Devil World Flower wouldn’t necessarily attack according its set rhythm any longer. Considering Luo Ji’s IQ, there was no way he’d let Ge Caijie use the set rhythm to his advantage and Devil World Flower began choosing the worst moments to attack. Blue Exorcist jumped to dodge five times and failed four times, beaten.</p>
    <p>“Good job!” Chen Guo was so excited! If Luo Ji could win, then that was already very impressive, let alone being able to control the situation so fully. With Blue Exorcist surrounded by summons like this, there probably wouldn’t be any chances to turn the tables, right?</p>
    <p>Luo Ji’s confidence was steadily growing as well. His tactics were very successful, managing to trap even Ge Caijie, a young and composed player. This was definitely a boost to his morale. Luo Ji had his summons attack relentlessly, relaxing more and more. He slowly regained feeling in his stiff fingers and Luo Ji suddenly thought, this actually wasn’t so hard.</p>
    <p>Who would’ve thought that at that exact moment, Blue Exorcist managed to grasp an opening, his scythe twirling around and blue light shining on the ground…</p>
    <p>Not good! Rising Emblem!</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was startled. Blue Exorcist’s successful attack was naturally because an opening had appeared amongst the four beasts around him. Luo Ji hurriedly had Devil World Flower attack, but as he did so, he was stunned by a sudden realization. 　 Blue Exorcist was no longer within Devil World Flower’s range.</p>
    <p>Though it seemed like Blue Exorcist was been crushed by the encirclement of the four beasts and Devil World Flower, he had been carefully moving out of Devil World Flower’s range. It was just that Ge Caijie had been carefully concealing this movement amongst the four beasts’ attacks and Luo Ji, in the end, didn’t have enough experience, allowing this movement to go unnoticed until Blue Exorcist had moved out of range and grasped an opportunity to counterattack.</p>
    <p>Whoosh! 　 Blue light rose from the ground, shooting towards the sky. Luo Ji desperately had his Four Summon Beasts dodge out of range, but he was too late for all of them. No matter if it was Spirit Cat and Frost Wolf on the ground, or Young Wyvern and Thunder Eagle in the sky, they were all within range of Rising Emblem. In that moment, they were all thrown upwards.</p>
    <p>Blue Exorcist ignored them, lunging for Concealed Light, yet the scythe in his hand was thrown out with Spiritual Guidance, heading for Devil World Flower.</p>
    <p>Boom! 　 The scythe also had an Explosive Talisman stuck to it, and Devil World Flower was instantly enveloped in a ball of flame. Fire element attacks dealt a huge amount of bonus damage to Devil World Flower, too. Just this one attack had Devil World Flower charred and blackened, unable to continue.</p>
    <p>Blue Exorcist continued to approach Concealed Light, empty-handed. He brandished his right hand through the air and formed another talisman while his left hand stretched out, catching the scythe returning from Spiritual Guidance.</p>
    <p>It’s over…</p>
    <p>Seeing Ge Caijie’s smooth attack combo, Luo Ji sighed in acceptance. Concealed Light’s summon creatures had all been left behind. Right now, what else could he do? He wouldn’t have the chance to cast and summon again. As for the four beasts, their time was coming to an end and they would soon disappear.</p>
    <p>His opponent had considered all the details and currently, Luo Ji, really had no way of turning this around.</p>
    <p>Pay attention to the details!</p>
    <p>When Concealed Light finally fell, Luo Ji was feeling rather depressed. This had originally been his forte, but this time, it was where he had lost.</p>
  </body>
</html>
