<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 486 – No One Escapes</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 486 – No One Escapes</h1>
    <p>Golden Fragrance had originally never intended to call for help. Firstly, because she believed there were enough people, and secondly, because if her equipment dropped, she didn’t want it falling into someone else’s hands. Despite being in the same guild, when faced with good equipment, the trust between one another was almost obsolete.</p>
    <p>Chen Yehui had obviously thought about this, which was why he arranged it in such a way. He even hoped people from Herb Garden and Blue Brook Guild to be far away from them, let alone calling for assistance. The path he left would already be considered fairly out of the way. </p>
    <p>As a result, Chen Yehui was shocked when Golden Fragrance called for help.</p>
    <p>Even if it's Ye Qiu! Even if Deception was also very strong! They had over 20 people! Wouldn't calling for more assistance be over the top?</p>
    <p>Chen Yehui could tolerate if the two escaped again, but he found it hard to believe that the two couldn't be defeated?</p>
    <p>“What happened?” Chen Yehui wanted to find out what was going on, but the news Golden Fragrance sent didn't say much. She merely sent her marked location, calling for help.</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>How could Golden Fragrance possibly have time to explain? The group of people’s quick AOE attacks struck them dumb with astonishment.</p>
    <p>Twelve people annihilated in under a minute, which meant a person was killed every five seconds on average. How long would sending this message take? By the time the message was sent, she would long be dead. </p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance saw Chen Yehui’s questioning message, but she also saw the people rushing towards her like the wind. It was definite that replying to the message would cost her her life, so Golden Fragrance ignored the message to turned tail and run without hesitation.</p>
    <p>Run!</p>
    <p>Purely running away.</p>
    <p>She didn't have any routes of escape or acts of resistance, she just turned around and pressed the key to scurry straight forward.　</p>
    <p>Before, the three great guilds had pursued Lord Grim and Deception restlessly, but right at this moment, in a certain way, events had taken a great turn.</p>
    <p>When escaping, Ye Xiu was rich in experience, so he was very skilful; now that it's his turn to pursue, his ability was by no means weaker. In addition, Golden Fragrance and her group were only aiming to go forward and forward and forward. They didn't even observe their pursuers’ action. They chose a running style that required the least amount of skill.</p>
    <p>Stun Bullet!</p>
    <p>Hundred Streams!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Deception each used a skill.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s bullet caught a player while Deception’s water streams surged closely behind. The streams instantly formed into a water prison, which incapacitated the player. </p>
    <p>The imprisoned player was dazed. Although the water prison had caught him, in a way, it protected him as well. As long as the prison was up, he couldn't receive any damage.</p>
    <p>　　</p>
    <p>Before he could understand any of it, the people behind Lord Grim and Deception were already charging forward. They attacked while they ran, so it didn't take long before the water prison was destroyed. The second wave of attacks thrusted him into the ground. After that, the mob only needed to throw out some random attacks to finish him off. </p>
    <p>The ghost floated in midair while its player watched with a stunned expression as the mob rushed over his corpse. It was as if his consciousness was still lingering in confusion back at the water prison. The time the had passed only felt like the blink of an eye before he was sent off to float into the sky. Yet, the opponents’ footsteps didn't slow down a fraction. As they stomped over his corpse, they managed to shorten the distance between themselves and the escaping players ahead.</p>
    <p>A lot of offensive skills had a slight displacement effect and these effects were faster than plain running. The pursuers skilfully utilised these skills, so while they killed the previous player, they weren't delayed at all. </p>
    <p>Another died!　</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance and her group didn't even dare to look back, they discovered the losses through the darkened names on their team list. They didn't have time to check who it was, they even hoped that the player sacrificed could perhaps help them earn a bit of time to escape.</p>
    <p>In a bright flash, a person’s silhouette was instantly formed, right in the center of Golden Fragrance’s group.</p>
    <p>Teleportation!</p>
    <p>An actual teleportation, which was an electric type Elementalist skill.</p>
    <p>An Elementalist teleporting into a group of people would usually be considered an act of suicide.</p>
    <p>However, Golden Fragrance and her group were desperate to escape, so all they thought was: D*mn it, they have caught up!</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>As they thought, the Elementalist’s teleportation wasn't an act of suicide!</p>
    <p>The staff lifted as it made cracking sounds. A few sheets of ice walls immediately formed behind the elementalist.</p>
    <p>The people trapped within the ice walls panicked, they threw whatever skills they could afford towards the ice walls. Unfortunately, the delay was enough for the people behind them to catch up.</p>
    <p>Shadow Cloak!</p>
    <p>Double Flying Hands!</p>
    <p>This time, Ye Xiu coordinated himself with the Grappler. The six people whom were stopped by the ice wall were instantly gathered together by the skills of Ye Xiu and the Grappler. Under the blast of AOE skills, it was without a doubt another textbook type of AOE combat style. There was little to no time difference from when the first, fifth or last person fell down. </p>
    <p>In addition, the remaining energy waves from the attacks happened to break the ice walls in time. After finishing off the six people, they continued their pursuit. The ice walls didn’t bring them any inconvenience. </p>
    <p>We’ve lost another six!　</p>
    <p>There were only six people remaining in Golden Fragrance’s group. From that moment on, even the number of people’s advantage was overturned. Lord Grim’s group have seven people in total, besting their group by one person. Although the Cleric from before didn’t have much use after healing Lord Grim. </p>
    <p>“Everyone, run in separate directions!!” Golden Fragrance yelled. 　　</p>
    <p>The six people’s sacrifice finally helped them gain a bit of time. A crossroad appeared before them, even though someone would be doomed after splitting up, at least it was a good plan to prevent a team wipe. The six people’s avatars on the team list darkened simultaneously, evident that they were wiped out through the use of AOE skills. Golden Fragrance and her group were already very deeply afraid of Lord Grim’s mob of AOE techniques.</p>
    <p>One step, two steps, three steps…...</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Why aren’t we at the intersection yet!</p>
    <p>The intersection that no one cared about before now seemed impossible to reach in their eyes. In their hearts, everyone in the group resented that they didn’t have wings. </p>
    <p>Nearly there!</p>
    <p>Finally, they reached the intersection. The three forked roads glowed with hope. They didn’t have time to distribute themselves into groups, so everyone choose a random fork in the road.</p>
    <p>The remaining six people prepared to run towards the hope in their hearts. However, they caught a flash of shadow. The two silhouettes which brought them fear and annoyance instantly appeared before them. </p>
    <p>Lord Grim, Deception…...　</p>
    <p>The cause of what had happened. 　　</p>
    <p>The beginning of all nightmares. 　</p>
    <p>At such a crucial time, the two became their obstacles. </p>
    <p>Deception made a seal and a Shadow Dance started again. Instantly, the shadow who blocked the road split into who knows how many? The shadow clones, which flew out of Shadow Dance, attacked the six people and restricted their movements.  Lord Grim was on the side making matters worse for the six people. Those who didn’t get restricted enough would immediately receive their lesson.</p>
    <p>The berserker’s helpers arrived soon after. Since they had been faced with the final six people, they didn't use the AOE method again. Everyone had one opponent to fight. </p>
    <p>Miss Golden Fragrance managed to survive till now, as long as she used her Aerial Cannon without error, she still had quite an advantage in running away. Unfortunately, her advantage was nonexistent now because the opponent she had to face was Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Normally, Golden Fragrance would be happy to tease a Level 52 player and feel all high and mighty. However, now that she knew of her opponent’s identity, Golden Fragrance didn't have a teasing mood or attitude.</p>
    <p>“What sort of good equipment do you have?” Ye Xiu asked, as if he were a hijacker.</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance had died twice today and dropped two pieces of equipments, both of which were orange. Even if she was one of the guild’s core members, she felt pained over the loss of her equipment. Core members of guilds were still far from a pro-gamer’s situation, where orange equipment was regarded as basic gear.</p>
    <p>Now that the bandit who targeted her equipment was blocking her once more, Golden Fragrance truly wanted to cry. Not only was she not going to get her equipment back, but now she would lose another piece of hers.</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance looked left and right, and saw that her other five teammates had battled into a mess. At this point, she had to fight with all she had, because no matter how one looked at it, they were the ones being surrounded.</p>
    <p>“The great god Ye Qiu bullies me, a girl? Is it meaningful??” Golden Fragrance asked.</p>
    <p>“Hehe, sorry about that.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance was about to say something else, but Ye Xiu had already sent a smiling emoji along with: “I will be more aware next time.”</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>After Lord Grim sent this sentence, he rushed forward.</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance was surrounded in the center, so she had nowhere to escape to. In addition, with someone as skilled as Ye Xiu, she was caught before she even took two or three steps. Golden Fragrance’s struggle merely proved her existence, to let people know that her character was under her control and not a block of wood.</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance was depressed. Why was this god picking on her so much? If it was someone other than him or Deception who was intervening her escape, she could have had a chance to escape…...</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance wasn't the only one with this thought. The players who didn't encounter the two strong players had a spark of anticipation in their hearts. </p>
    <p>The anticipation quickly became hope. After fighting with Lord Grim’s helpers, they realized that although they were strong, it was not to the point where they have no hope. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>The four people became energized and began to oppose fiercely.</p>
    <p>In order to hold them up, Lord Grim’s four helpers fought head on. They even received damage they could have been avoided. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Golden Fragrance’s group observed. At this rate, they had a chance! Not only might they escape, they could also turn the other group into corpses. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Little did they know that at this moment, a ray of white light would shower onto the Elementalist. </p>
    <p>Soon afterwards, the white light flashed towards the other players.</p>
    <p>The people coughed up blood, as they looked around, they realised that the opposing team’s Cleric had just arrived. Only now did they remember that they also had a Cleric. As for their own team, they no longer had a Cleric. Their Cleric had already been killed by the opposing side.</p>
    <p>No wonder Lord Grim’s group blocked them with such hardness. Under the assistance of a Cleric, they had no reason to hold back. This was a very logical and sensible tactics choice.</p>
    <p>As the group had feared, they had no hope. The mob was in complete despair. At this very moment, a band of players appeared on a crossing that led off from the road ahead.</p>
  </body>
</html>
