<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1151: Give Me A Buff</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1151: Give Me A Buff</h1>
    <p>Gore Cross!</p>
    <p>The flowery lights from Burial Blossoms had yet to fade away before Yu Feng made his move. The greatsword's range of movement wasn't great when Blossoming Chaos flicked his wrist, but it was enough to let out a horizontal and vertical slash. The airborne Boundless Sea was hit directly, the blood that flew out formed the perfect shape of a cross.</p>
    <p>He swung out a Destruction Slash, which damaged the opponent as well as lowered his defense. The Qi Master was a class with cloth armour, so they already had low defense against physical damage. After it was lowered by Destruction Slash even further, the following chains of attacks caused his health to fall rapidly.</p>
    <p>Was victory going to be decided so easily with just one attack?</p>
    <p>Yu Feng was completely focused as he attacked. His opponent was an All-Star, so he couldn't leave any openings. Combos didn't work just by releasing skills in a certain order, it required him to adapt depending on the situation. . The terrain, distance, opponent's class, and opponent's reaction were all factors that would influence what skill to choose and the timing. Glory was able to continue for many years without losing popularity because of its complexity and infinite variations.</p>
    <p>Yu Feng was currently making extremely precise judgements for every attack, and all of them were on point. The Berserker's flawless combo made Boundless Sea tumble and struggle in midair.</p>
    <p>Yu Feng's Berserker wasn't as wild and bold as Sun Zheping's, but he was more precise and meticulous. Both of them had their own strengths, so debates on who was better was only because everyone saw them in their own lights.</p>
    <p>The combo was able to cut down a majority of the half of the life he had remaining. What he had left was only a bit over 10%, so he was only a step away from entering red blood mode.</p>
    <p>Bosses would release high level skills when they their health dropped to red blood, but this was only a signal of danger for players. Fortunately, Yu Feng's combo was at the point where it couldn't be broken.</p>
    <p>With some health remaining, Fang Rui could still make some sort of counterattack, right?</p>
    <p>The crowd in the stadium felt nervous for Fang Rui. If he was defeated by Yu Feng in such manner, then the advantage of winning with half of his health left against Zhou Guangyi would have gone to waste.</p>
    <p>On the other hand, the spirits of the Team Hundred Blossom's players rose.</p>
    <p>This was what it meant to be captain. This was the moment when the core raised their team's spirits.</p>
    <p>"Go captain!" Although Yu Feng couldn't hear it, a few rookies still yelled out nonetheless. Even though the noise from the home crowd drowned them out, the rookies weren't discouraged. Yu Feng's performance was able to stir up everyone in Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>"Fang Rui isn't going to lose like this, right?" Ye Xiu said regretfully.</p>
    <p>As one rose, another would fall.</p>
    <p>While Hundred Blossoms' morale was boosted by Yu Feng, Happy's morale was shaken because they had lost the advantage gained at the start.</p>
    <p>"It won't happen. It definitely won't happen.." Chen Guo shook her head. Even though she wasn't familiar with Fang Rui and barely knew much about him, she chose to firmly believe in him on the basis of her hope. </p>
    <p>"The combo's been broken." Chen Guo spoke.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled bitterly.</p>
    <p>The combo indeed stopped, but that didn't mean that his attacks would rest. This was only the system's call, but judging from when the combos stopped, the distance between the characters, and that Yu Feng could still go up and make two or three attacks if he wanted to increase the number of combos, Ye Xiu knew that the combo had stopped because Yu Feng had wanted to. It was obvious that Yu Feng wasn't aiming for a higher combo count, but rather to win the match.</p>
    <p>Yu Feng didn't continue his combo because he obviously believed that he had the chance to finish off Boundless Sea. As a qualified captain and ace, what Yu Feng thought about was no longer his personal victory, but how he could increase his team's chance of winning through his fight. This was why during the time he played, he needed to boost the whole team's morale to the maximum.</p>
    <p>Blossoming Chaos lifted his sword with both his hands.</p>
    <p>How was he planning to attack? Frankly speaking, even Ye Xiu couldn't tell. Boundless Sea was already falling down to the ground, so everyone was paying attention to how Fang Rui would respond. However, Ye Xiu was watching Blossoming Chaos instead because he knew Yu Feng wasn't finished with his attacks. Although raising his sword into the air would save some time if he used Crimson Storm, but using such a high level skill straight away wasn't guaranteed to connect.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea naturally used Quick Recover when he reached the ground, but when he made contact with the ground and rolled, he advanced forward instead of retreating, moving closer to Blossoming Chaos's location.</p>
    <p>Everyone was stupefied…</p>
    <p>He had finally broken out of the combo but wouldn't rolling towards Yu Feng be the same as crashing himself into the blade of his opponent?</p>
    <p>However, just before he finished his roll, Boundless Sea lifted his hands and attacked.</p>
    <p>Qi Bullet!</p>
    <p>This was aimed straight at Blossoming Chaos's face.</p>
    <p>"Oh..."</p>
    <p>Everyone made a sound of understanding in sync. One could see how engraved Fang Rui's two performances against Zhou Guangyi last round was in people's minds. Now that they saw Boundless Sea send out a Qi Bullet by surprise, they immediately thought of…...</p>
    <p>Pulse: Break Intelligence, Qigong Blast, right?</p>
    <p>Everyone in the stadium became excited.</p>
    <p>Too naive...</p>
    <p>Yu Feng was very calm, but he couldn't help but to ridicule. After using the same trick twice on Zhou Guangyi, you still think it'll work on me? Fang Rui, you're underestimating me! Too bad for you, I've already predicted that you would do this because you don't have any other choice. With a Qi Master, you aren't familiar enough with the class to fight at such a high-level.</p>
    <p>"Go back and practice!"</p>
    <p>Yu Feng still managed to type up something at such a critical moment. People had to wonder if players who originated from Blue Rain all shared a certain trait.</p>
    <p>Qi Bullet?</p>
    <p>Blossoming Chaos was about to use his high-level skill, his body leaned forward so he could summon up power. By lowering himself, he completely dodged the Qi Bullet, and his sight wasn't blocked.</p>
    <p>He clearly saw Boundless Sea's action.</p>
    <p>He braced up his arms, this was…...Reinforced Iron Bones, the Strikers' low-level pre-advancement skill.</p>
    <p>A good plan!</p>
    <p>Yu Feng couldn't help but praise in his mind. It seemed that Fang Rui didn't expect for the same trick to work thrice, so he added another small trick this time. He already knew that he couldn't win, so Fang Rui only wanted to take away some of Blossoming Chaos's health. This was why right when the Qi Bullet was sent out to block Yu Feng's sight, he activated Reinforced Iron Bones.</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones increased the user's defense and gave the user Super Armor.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui knew that Boundless Sea didn't have much health left, so he charged forward boldly. If he fought Blossoming Chaos straight on, then he would be taken down. So this was why Reinforced Iron Bones became the core of his surprise attack. This skill allowed him to take a surprising amount of damage from his opponent, which naturally gave him the opportunity to deal a satisfying amount of damage..</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, I've seen it. How could I give you this opportunity?</p>
    <p>If he activated Reinforced Iron Bones, Crimson Storm by itself couldn't create an instant kill, but…</p>
    <p>Blossoming Chaos let out a roar as he leaned forward. His eyes and the skin immediately turned blood red. The Berserk's cooldown was finished, so Yu Feng chose to activate it at this time. With this buff, instant killing Boundless Sea with Crimson Storm wouldn't be a problem.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui obviously realized that his trick was seen through, but he had already reached the point of no return. Crimson Storm's attack range was pretty big, and since Boundless Sea was already this close, it was impossible for him escape from the attack. He could only charge ahead. However, facing an instant kill attack, would he still have the chance to deal any damage?</p>
    <p>Not many people could understand the current situation. The crowd became excited and believed that Fang Rui was about to succeed again with a Pulse Break and Qigong Blast combo, which will send the opponent flying away!</p>
    <p>Pulse Break? How much damage would it make?</p>
    <p>Yu Feng thought to himself as the bloody Burial Blossoms struck down, filling the sky with a bloody aura. Boundless Sea, who was situated in it, started to lose health, but the height of the attack had yet to come.</p>
    <p>The stadium became quiet,. Everyone could see that Boundless Sea was truly on the defensive now.</p>
    <p>However, Boundless Sea continued to sprint ahead at nearly zero health.</p>
    <p>Would he make it in time?</p>
    <p>Everyone in the stadium felt nervous for Fang Rui. Even a pro player with the most accurate calculations couldn't predict whether Boundless Sea could damage Blossoming Chaos.</p>
    <p>Within the boiling, bloody air, Boundless Sea's right hand managed to touch Blossoming Chaos. </p>
    <p>He ran out of time!</p>
    <p>Everyone sighed, Boundless Sea's health had fallen to zero.</p>
    <p>However, at this moment, it was as if a strong blast of qi poured into Blossoming Chaos's vest as it rustled in the air.</p>
    <p>Qigong Blast!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea's health hit zero, but the damage was dealt. Qigong Blast, he went straight for the Qigong Blast. Fang Rui didn't use Pulse Break to increase its damage.</p>
    <p>Yu Feng's face turned uglier.</p>
    <p>However, it was only damage from a high-level skill... even though it wasn't perfect, it was still acceptable.</p>
    <p>Soon after that, Blossoming Chao's health slid down, but it was greater than he had expected.</p>
    <p>One fifth!</p>
    <p>The Qigong Blast actually took out a fifth of his health! It was even stronger than his Crimson Storm, a Berserk-buffed one too. </p>
    <p>Wait... Berserk?</p>
    <p>Yu Feng suddenly realized something.</p>
    <p>At this moment, he saw that Fang Rui had replied to his message: "You too."</p>
    <p>Go back and practice!</p>
    <p>What Yu Feng meant was that Fang Rui's Qi Master wasn't up to his level.</p>
    <p>However, Fang Rui said you too...</p>
    <p>Yu Feng realised that he had still fallen for his trap.</p>
    <p>Berserk buffed all of his offensive capabilities, but it also drastically weakened his defensive capabilities.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui used Reinforced Iron Bones to trick him into using Berserk. He didn't use Pulse Break, because Berserk had given him enough of a boost to Qigong Blast.</p>
    <p>This was why when Qigong Blast was used. Along with the weakening of Blossoming Chao's defence from being in Berserk mode, he was able to take away a fifth of his health.</p>
    <p>Although Yu Feng won this match, he suffered a crushing defeat in the last moment. A skill he activated himself had helped his opponent.</p>
    <p>"He's truly dirty..." Yu Feng sighed.</p>
  </body>
</html>
