<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1270: The Most Experienced Player</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1270: The Most Experienced Player</h1>
    <p>This concluded the official events of the All-Star Weekend. Although the audience felt that it was very fulfilling, when they checked the time, they suddenly felt like they hadn't gotten enough. Wasn't it kind of a shame that the high point of the three day event ended that quickly?</p>
    <p>But the winners had already been determined, and the players of Teams A and B had already walked out of the player booths. They didn't go offstage, but mingled amongst each other. For this sort of performative match, most people didn't care too much about victory. Otherwise, how would there be that scenario of everyone crowding around to watch two people 1v1 each other.</p>
    <p>But only most people didn't care. There were always people who did care, very much.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao…</p>
    <p>When he came out of the player booth, his face was pale. In the Rookie Challenge of Season 8 All-Star Weekend, Tang Hao defeated Lin Jingyan. This battle could be considered the battle that established him as a God, cementing his position as a top player. But in this All-Star Weekend, in the team competition, he had been beaten down so pathetically.</p>
    <p>The images of the battle flashed through his mind. In front of him, the God-level players of all the other teams were all relaxed and chatting with each other, but Tang Hao just couldn't relax.</p>
    <p>It wasn't that he couldn't accept a loss. But how come his loss was so ugly, so pathetic? The cheers of the crowd seemed like mocking laughter to Tang Hao.</p>
    <p>The players didn't immediately come offstage, but a reporter from the esports channels carried his camera and flew toward the stage. This team competition ended too quickly, far out of their expectations, entirely disrupting their planned program schedule. They'd purposely left an extra large block of time empty for the All-Star event, since they didn't want time restrictions to disrupt the broadcast of this once-a-year special event. But in the end, the team competition was over in five minutes. Fortunately in the last battle of the group arena, Zhang Xinjie with that Cleric PK had used up a good deal of time, otherwise this All-Star Competition would have ended even earlier.</p>
    <p>Sending a reporter onstage now was so that they could do some live interviews, use up a bit more of the broadcast time.</p>
    <p>These interviews hadn't been planned in advance, but these God-level players were used to being chased by reporters for interviews. Today's competition hadn't posed much of a burden, anyway, so most of them weren't in any low spirits. The reporter that rushed onstage immediately saw Zhang Xinjie and Wu Yuce discussing something together, and he headed toward them first.</p>
    <p>"Hello, vice-captains!" the reporter greeted.</p>
    <p>These two paused in their conversation and looked at him.</p>
    <p>"Are you discussing that group arena battle from just earlier?" the reporter asked.</p>
    <p>"Yes," Zhang Xinjie nodded.</p>
    <p>"What do you two think?"</p>
    <p>"If it hadn't been stopped, I should have had a slight health advantage at the end and I should have won," said Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>"That's only in your planned, ideal conditions," Wu Yuce immediately retorted. It looked like the two of them had been discussing the question of who would have won that battle.</p>
    <p>"The plans would have become reality," Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>"You never know what will happen in a battle," said Wu Yuce.</p>
    <p>"I'd try my hardest to minimize the unexpected," said Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>"Hard to say." Wu Yuce shook his head.</p>
    <p>"Perhaps we should give it another try," Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>"Forget it… I'm not too interested in that kind of battle," Wu Yuce said. He'd already avoided having to play out such a dull battle, of course he didn't want to repeat it. After all, it would never happen again.</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie didn't press either. He only shook his head in regret, seeming quite unsatisfied with his inability to verify the result.</p>
    <p>To the side, the reporter didn't interject. He simply recorded all of this to the camera as is. Let everyone experience the unaltered interactions of the Gods after a match. Seeing that these two didn't have any more to say, the reporter began to search for a new target. Those who had had strong performances in the match would of course attract him more easily.</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi!</p>
    <p>The reporter's eyes brightened. Wang Jiexi seemed to be giving a lesson to Tiny Herb player Gao Yingjie, and the reporter immediately rushed forward.</p>
    <p>"Use your best, most comfortable, most familiar method to perform, that's enough," said Wang Jiexi.</p>
    <p>"But Captain, what you've been using all this time, is that your best, most comfortable, most familiar method?" Gao Yingjie suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi was silent for a while, and then he shook his head. "That is why I hope that you can. Have more confidence, don't be easily shaken. You're more suited to this team than I am. Believe in yourself!"</p>
    <p>Seeing Gao Yingjie nod, the reporter took this chance to interject.</p>
    <p>"Hello, both of you," he greeted.</p>
    <p>"Captain Wang's performance in this team battle really gave us quite a shock! We never would have expected you to suddenly revive your old style. Are you planning to go back to your style again?" the reporter asked.</p>
    <p>"Of course not," Wang Jiexi smiled, and then looked at the stage and player booths behind him. "It's good enough to be able to relax here."</p>
    <p>"Maybe if Tiny Herb had the Magician, they could earn even better results?" the reporter said.</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi continued to smile, but he didn't say anything. The reporter knew that he was rejecting this view, he just didn't say so out loud. The Magician Wang Jiexi hadn't won anything for Tiny Herb, but after he changed, Tiny Herb had obtained two championships. The person in front of him knew a hundred times better than him what style suited Tiny Herb better, and his own opinion was just himself trying to be smart. As he thought about this, the reporter looked at Gao Yingjie, and asked, "Then what about Little Gao? Will we have a chance to see him become a magician?" This time, the reporter was asking with a joking tone.</p>
    <p>"Maybe! If it's on this stage." Gao Yingjie was now better at dealing with the media, and he answered the question quite well. He hadn't rejected the possibility entirely, but he said "on this stage." Yes, on the All-Star stage, what wasn't possible?</p>
    <p>After obtaining another conversation, the reporter turned his head, saw Ye Xiu not too far away, and quickly rushed up to him. This God's performance was also very strong, and he rarely accepted interviews. Even though he didn't reject them completely after his return, he was still very low-key. Whatever he could avoid, he would try to avoid, and it was no easy feat to obtain a live interview.</p>
    <p>"God Ye Xiu!" The reporter saw that Ye Xiu wasn't talking to anyone right now, and charged forward.</p>
    <p>"Hm?" Ye Xiu looked at the reporter.</p>
    <p>"The team competition was incredibly exciting. Was it your plan to leave the Cleric out of the team competition?" the reporter asked. This is what they had guessed offstage, because earlier they'd seen that argument at Team B, with Ye Xiu apparently at the center. They didn't know that was Team B trying to pick the most energy-saving arrangement, but looking at the final line-up, they thought that it was possibly Ye Xiu's idea to put the Cleric in the group arena, causing everyone to oppose him.</p>
    <p>"Of course not!" But Ye Xiu answered with this. "I just gave a random suggestion."</p>
    <p>"Hahaha…" The reporter laughed dryly. When Ye Xiu said "of course not," he had actually thought there were some other hidden factors at play, but in the end, it really was just this.</p>
    <p>"Why would you propose such a suggestion?" the reporter then asked.</p>
    <p>"Obviously so we could have a more exciting and aggressive battle!" Ye Xiu said, very seriously.</p>
    <p>Instantly, the nearby Team B players who heard this all looked at him.</p>
    <p>This guy, he could really talk! When they'd made this plan, everyone liked this arrangement only because it would allow the match to finish faster!</p>
    <p>"Haha, the battle really was very exciting. There were a lot of highlights!" the reporter said.</p>
    <p>"Well, of course. After all, everyone here is an outstanding player," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"And you? How would you evaluate yourself?"</p>
    <p>"Me? I'm probably the most experienced player here in this circle, right?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The interview was broadcast on television, but it was also shown on the display screens in the stadium. Tyranny fans obviously had no kind feelings toward Ye Xiu, but they did have to have a reason to boo him. They couldn't find any points to complain about with his earlier, very standard answers to the reporter's questions. But with these words, Tyranny's fans were instantly upset.</p>
    <p>You're the most experienced player? At least add a "one of the" okay! Over there is our Captain Han! A player from the first generation just like you! No, technically, he's even more experienced than you! You still have a year and half gap in the middle!</p>
    <p>The stadium came alive with boos, which prompted the reporter. Looking at the players around him, quite a few people were looking this way after hearing this answer. The reporter immediately asked, "Then what about Tyranny's Captain Han Wenqing?"</p>
    <p>"Old Han? He can't compete with me!" Ye Xiu said, brimming with confidence.</p>
    <p>The booing increased. Even the gathered Gods had "you jerk can't you stop bragging" expressions as they continued to watch.</p>
    <p>"Why is that? You're both players from the first generation, and Captain Han Wenqing…"</p>
    <p>"Has he played in the Challenger League?" Ye Xiu directly interrupted the reporter with his explanation.</p>
    <p>Silence.</p>
    <p>Played in the Challenger League? Fuck, you're counting that a experience? Everyone was shocked, but if they were really talking from this standpoint, then indeed, Han Wenqing's experience was slightly inferior. But everyone was glad not to have that sort of experience. Playing in the Challenger League, that absolutely wasn't a joyful experience for a top-tier God, but this guy actually made treasure out of this trash, counting this as part of his accumulated experience. Is there anyone else like you shamelessly increasing their own level like this?</p>
    <p>BOOOO!</p>
    <p>This time, it wasn't just the Tyranny fans. The rest of the audience, even some of the players offstage, the Gods onstage, they were all booing Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled bitterly, waving his hand as he said to the reporter, "They're just jealous."</p>
    <p>Jealous your ass! The reporter felt unwell, and even the cameraman had shaken unstably. The reporter chuckled awkwardly. He felt like his head had crashed, and he couldn't think of what direction to go next with the interview.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, from the shock Ye Xiu had provoked, he'd picked out a target.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing, the captain of Team Tyranny Han Wenqing, the boss of this area, the one who "lost to" Ye Xiu in experience because he hadn't played in the Challenger League.</p>
    <p>"Captain Han, regarding Ye Xiu's words just now… Do you object?" the reporter asked, rather directly. After all, the two of them had been death enemies for ten years.</p>
    <p>"His accomplishments in the Challenger League are indeed worthy of pride," said Han Wenqing.</p>
  </body>
</html>
