<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1116: Duped</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1116: Duped</h1>
    <p>Cloud Grasping Fist!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's actions were sneaky to the extreme. He had made his way to Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, borrowing the flashiness of his attacks as cover.</p>
    <p>Just looking at Ye Xiu's shameless sneakiness, Zhang Jiale was sorely tempted to toss a grenade to send this guy straight into the midst of Dazzling Hundred Blossom's attacks. Just kill him and be done with it. But then he remembered that they were supposed to be working together, and so he resisted the temptation.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu notice Royal Style's shift in tempo shifted and seized it, using the Hundred Blossom cover to launch a sneak attack. Royal Style was completely unprepared. As for Ye Xiu, it was actually quite tricky to accurately attack while under the cover of Hundred Blossom's light and shadows. This was a detail easily overlooked.</p>
    <p>Royal Style's Ren Junchi understood that the victor of this dungeon could be determined with this one battle, and so he was supporting his teammates with all his strength, assisting their counterattack. But all of a sudden, his character was moving forward out of his control. Ren Junchi was confused, but he suddenly realized what had happened.</p>
    <p>"Oh shit!" Ren Junchi only had time to give a shout to warn his teammates, but everyone's reactions were too slow. They could only watch, wide-eyed, as Ren Junchi's Gentle Angel was suddenly dragged from their sides, into the midst of Dazzling Hundred Blossom's attack range.</p>
    <p>"Save him!" Tian Sen immediately shouted, already waving the scythe in his hand and sending several Lightning Talismans flying in the direction Gentle Angel had been grabbed. Before he reached the enemy ranks, first use some attacks to disrupt the enemy's rhythm.</p>
    <p>But Ye Xiu was prepared. He directly pulled Gentle Angel out of the Hundred Blossoms Style cover, and with a Fling, Lord Grim sent Gentle Angel farther away.</p>
    <p>"Fuck!" Zhang Jiale cursed.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu hadn't even warned him that he was going to do this, after flinging Gentle Angel, Ye Xiu just patted his butt and left. Meanwhile, Royal Style was still furiously trying to rescue their healer, and Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was about to take the brunt of their fury.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong with you!" Zhang Jiale yelled.</p>
    <p>"You can take care of this. I believe in you!" Ye Xiu replied as Lord Grim quickly made his escape.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was helpless; he couldn't just retreat. Once Royal Style saw that their healer had been sent somewhere else, he would probably have to stop them. And the other members of Tyranny, upon seeing that Ye Xiu had captured Royal Style's healer, would of course have to cooperate to take out the healer.</p>
    <p>On Happy's side, Ye Xiu had already prepared for them to receive the healer even before he went to grab him. Once he threw the healer over there, a barrage of attacks fell upon the healer. Under this fierce assault, how long could a healer last? Royal Style's rescue team couldn't make it over in time and Misty Rain's attack strategy relied on distance, so they didn't have the power to charge in.</p>
    <p>In the midst of chaotic battle, Gentle Angel fell. Tyranny's members were pleased, but none of them noticed that in the crowd of Happy members around the fallen player, someone plucked an item from the ground beside Gentle Angel.</p>
    <p>Tyranny was in the dark, but Royal Style was clear on the situation. Right now, they had neither healer nor shard, and they suddenly unleashed the ferocity of a team that had nothing to lose. But Tyranny's experts were experienced with this sort of sudden shift in tempo, and this change didn't throw them off. They were temporarily beaten back by Royal Style, but soon enough they stabilized and counterattacked, defeating another Royal Style player, Xu Huiliu's Striker.</p>
    <p>Royal Style was being thoroughly routed, and Misty Rain faltered as well, as the pressure of the attacks on them increased. Their long-ranged attacks simply had no way of countering the explosive power of Happy and Tyranny.</p>
    <p>"It's time, charge!" Ye Xiu ordered. This time, he wasn't mounting a sneak attack, Lord Grim was playing a direct attacker. Together with Tang Rou's Soft Mist, they launched an assault that would deal the death blow to Misty Rain.</p>
    <p>With Tyranny's attacks restricting their movements, Misty Rain no longer had enough room to maneuver. The long-range attackers couldn't do anything as Ye Xiu and Tang Rou's characters closed the distance. Their formation was instantly broken apart.</p>
    <p>"Beautiful. Working with you guys is great! You haven't let me down!" Ye Xiu praised loudly. When Happy attacked, Tyranny's coordinated support had been the key to knocking down Misty Rain; without them, it still would have been possible for Misty Rain to defend.</p>
    <p>"Shut up, will you!" Tyranny, of course, didn't need any of Ye Xiu's praise.</p>
    <p>"Keep working hard!" Ye Xiu called. On Happy's side, their attacks were clearly targeting one character, Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain. After they had blown apart Misty Rain's formation, the other players were seemingly forgotten.</p>
    <p>But Chu Yunxiu wouldn't be going down that easily. With a Teleport, the Elementalist instantly escaped from Happy's attacks, travelling to a place where it'd be the most difficult for Happy to readjust their formation and continue attacking.</p>
    <p>But as soon as Windy Rain reappeared, a Satellite Beam fell from the sky. This was an attack made by correctly predicting the exact location at which Windy Rain would teleport to.</p>
    <p>Chu Yunxiu immediately realized she had fallen for the trap. Happy had known that she would try to teleport to escape, and they had purposely left that opening for her to jump to. And the Launcher's extremely long range allowed her to instantly cover any corner of the battlefield.</p>
    <p>Caught by the Satellite Beam, Windy Rain couldn't move, and two shadows suddenly appeared by her right and left.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim and Deception, two Shadow Clones. Even though they couldn't travel as far as a Teleport, it was an instant movement technique too, and there was no faster way to close the distance to an opponent.</p>
    <p>Afterwards, Windy Rain was grabbed by Lord Grim, and with another Fling, was sent to where Happy wanted. Misty Rain's three Sharpshooters pounced on them in an attempt to save their captain. Li Hua directly used a Shadow Dance with his Dark Forest, acting like a whole army of troops to try and disrupt Happy.</p>
    <p>"Help please!" Ye Xiu shouted, of course not to Happy, but to Tyranny.</p>
    <p>"You hold your position, throw Windy Rain over here!" Tyranny answered.</p>
    <p>This sentence was really a lucky hit. Tyranny of course didn't know about the shard held by Windy Rain, but in the current situation, sending Windy Rain over to their side was just one logical option. After all, even though the teams were allied, they could still take damage from each other, so executing a combined attack would require extremely careful coordination. For example, when Ye Xiu's Lord Grim had stolen away Gentle Angel, he had to hide behind the Hundred Blossoms display, unlike the Tyranny members who could dive directly into the lights and shadows.</p>
    <p>As soon as Tyranny proposed this plan, they prepared to receive the target, but when they looked over, they saw that Lord Grim and Steamed Bun invasion were still fiercely engaging in battle with Windy Rain! Besides these two characters, the others didn't have Fling! It seemed that tossing a character over wasn't very convenient for Happy.</p>
    <p>There was no other option, Tyranny had to change their plans. It was just a small thing, not enough to pose any difficulty for them. To supplement Happy's attacks without disrupting their rhythm - that was something they could do.</p>
    <p>Under Happy and Tyranny's partnership, the situation stabilized. Windy Rain was caught in between the two teams, and her health bar was plummeting. The three Sharpshooters and the Ninja persevered in their attacks, and Chu Yunxiu coordinated with them as she fought back, but in the end they still were unable to rescue her.</p>
    <p>No solution!</p>
    <p>After fighting to this extent, both Misty Rain and Royal Style wanted to retreat. If they continued fighting, they would all die here and that would be the end, but if they retreated now and preserved their health, there would still be a bit of hope left.</p>
    <p>Both teams wanted to withdraw for now, but now Tyranny was making things difficult. They still didn't know about the shards, so they just wanted to wipe out the two teams entirely. Although they were currently partnered with Happy to crush their opponents, they were still calculating their chances as they compared the states of their two teams. Tyranny had a healer, while Happy didn't. Although Tyranny had supported Happy in their attacks, Zhang Xinjie hadn't let a single heal fall upon any of Happy's members, even though there was nothing in the system stopping him from doing so.</p>
    <p>After fighting Misty Rain and Royal Style, Tyranny and Happy would inevitably turn on each other. But one side had a healer while the other didn't, which alone was enough to tip the scales. After defeating those two teams, Tyranny was prepared to seize this opportunity to take care of Happy as well.</p>
    <p>Tyranny's ultimate goal was the total annihilation of all three other teams, a much more ambitious goal than the others. Royal Style and Misty Rain wanted to retreat now, but Tyranny wasn't about to let that happen. They would bite down hard, and not let go.</p>
    <p>So they caught Royal Style, but there was a hole in Happy's trap for Misty Rain. Just as they killed Windy Rain, the other four members chose to retreat.</p>
    <p>"Where are you running!" Ye Xiu yelled. "Give chase!" As he spoke, he led Happy to furiously pursue the retreating team.</p>
    <p>"This guy did that on purpose, didn'the?" Seeing this, Tyranny's players began to discuss among themselves.</p>
    <p>"It's clear, he's defending against us…" Zhang Xinjie sighed. He hadn't given Happy's side a single heal. Looking back, that must have made their intent too obvious.</p>
    <p>"That guy's just too sneaky." Zhang Jiale shook his head.</p>
    <p>"I say… Happy's already gotten away with all of the shards, why are you guys still being so kind to them?" Royal Style's three players couldn't last much longer. Once they saw that Misty Rain's members had run, and Tyranny was still attacking them, they were helpless. Tian Sen had no idea that Tyranny still didn't know about the shards; he thought that Tyranny was trying to shake a shard out of these three players. But the issue was, their team's shard had already been dropped by Gentle Angel! Thinking about how Tyranny was wasting their time, but was in such a relaxed mood, Tian Sen couldn't resist any longer and exposed the truth.</p>
    <p>"Shards? What shards?" After Tyranny's five heard this, they were startled.</p>
    <p>"Fuck, no way?" Tian Sen was shocked. These Tyranny brothers still didn't know what was going on?</p>
    <p>Tian Sen quickly explained the situation in the dungeon. Once Tyranny heard this, of course they understood what had happened. They had been duped by Happy.</p>
    <p>"Hurry and give chase!" Han Wenqing ordered, and Tyranny turned their fire.</p>
  </body>
</html>
