<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1421 - Understood by Everyone</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1421 - Understood by Everyone</h1>
    <p>We can’t keep it up!</p>
    <p>Right when Yu Wenzhou realized what Happy’s true strategy was, Huang Shaotian also started to feel pressured.</p>
    <p>3v3. Team Blue Rain’s side had a healer. If it was a direct confrontation, their side should have the advantage. The problem was that this 3v3 wasn’t the only fight taking place. From an overall perspective, their slight advantage was not nearly enough. They needed speed, explosiveness, DPS, and time to eliminate their opponents.</p>
    <p>Happy’s fifth player still hadn’t appeared, and it wasn’t just out of patience. Huang Shaotian had deduced a certain possibility: Qiao Yifan’s Phantom Demon had gone to switch with Happy’s healer.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain held the advantage during this period of time. However, lowering Happy’s health bars wasn’t enough. They needed to kill a player from Happy before their Cleric arrived.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan were clearly far from achieving this goal. From time to time, the two would look towards the other battle, hoping Yu Wenzhou and Lu Hanwen would hurry and come. However, help never arrived.</p>
    <p>The two didn’t try to urge their teammates to hurry up. None of them, including their healer Xu Jingxi, typed a single word.</p>
    <p>There was no need to say anything. When Huang Shaotian had called out to Zheng Xuan and Xu Jingxi to counterattack, the other side should have gotten the message and made the appropriate decision. If they hadn’t come yet, it could only mean that their situation didn’t permit them to.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s side could not see the other battle. How could they know that their old captain Wei Chen was struggling with all his might to keep Yu Wenzhou and Lu Hanwen from leaving?</p>
    <p>As a famed opportunist, Huang Shaotian had an excellent read of the match.</p>
    <p>Even though he didn’t know the reason, without either Yu Wenzhou or Lu Hanwen, he understood that just his and Zheng Xuan’s attacks weren’t enough. They had dealt quite a bit of damage to Lord Grim and Boundless Sea, but they had taken even more damage. Happy’s side had three attackers, after all.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Artillery fire came from both Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain and Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain. Ye Xiu and Fang Rui were dodging, but Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan? They had their characters rush through the gunfire to attack.</p>
    <p>This was because of the difference in team compositions. Team Blue Rain had a healer, and that enabled them to be recklessly aggressive.</p>
    <p>Their health was guaranteed to be above a safe level at the cost of the mana from Xu Jingxi’s Soul Speaker. White light constantly flashed, protecting Troubling Rain’s and Bullet Rain’s health.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt that the situation wasn’t good, so he constantly checked on Soul Speaker’s situation.</p>
    <p>The constant flashes of white light were somewhat glaring to look at. During intense team fights, the healers would often look like this. However, it was only a 3v3, yet Soul Speaker was already this busy.</p>
    <p>It was because of their current tactics.</p>
    <p>But strangely, Happy made no attempts to stop them.</p>
    <p>How could Ye Xiu and others in Happy not understand their intentions? Of course they would, but they seemed to be fine with it. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain stood farther away, so Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan didn’t target her. Xu Jingxi had his Soul Speaker stand in a position, where Su Mucheng couldn’t reach him, so that his spells would not be interrupted. With him dodging around, Su Mucheng simply gave up and stopped targeting him.</p>
    <p>Happy was going along with Blue Rain’s plans. They were practically setting up the conditions for Blue Riain’s plans to work, as if they were luring Blue Rain to do it.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou and Lu Hanwen still hadn’t arrived. Was this all part of Happy’s plans?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt like something wasn’t right. Troubling Rain began attacking more carefully, no longer as reliant on their healer.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan felt a change from Huang Shaotian. Without asking about it, he immediately matched his Bullet Rain with Huang Shaotian’s rhythm. It wasn’t that this guy couldn’t figure out the problem, rather, he was just too lazy to think. As a result, he rarely thought deeply during a match. He always played lazily, for example, like how he was just going along with what his teammate did.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was hesitating, when he suddenly heard a muffled sound.</p>
    <p>To their side, on top of a long wall of medium height, a head suddenly poked out from a crack. The head was covered with ash and blood and in a utterly pathetic state.</p>
    <p>Who?</p>
    <p>For a moment, Huang Shaotian wasn’t sure who the character was, and had to check the name by sliding his cursor over him.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>It was Wei Chen’s Windward Formation?</p>
    <p>Has it finally been settled?</p>
    <p>Just when Huang Shaotian thought this, that bloody head suddenly retracted.</p>
    <p>It looks like it’s about over.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian continued to think. If Windward Formation was eliminated, the two on that side could come over and help them. Then, they could strengthen their offense. Even if Happy’s healer arrived, it would still be a 5v4. Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan had already lowered Happy’s health significantly, thus the match would certainly end in Blue Rain’s victory.</p>
    <p>Continue to attack!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was about to shift gears back, when an order came from their captain Yu Wenzhou: slow.</p>
    <p>It was just one word. It wasn’t clear who Yu Wenzhou was referring to, but Huang Shaotian immediately slowed down.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan and Xu Jingxi also saw the order, and made the same decision. Their offense suddenly slowed.</p>
    <p>“Woah, have they figured it out already?” There was no way Ye Xiu wouldn’t notice such a change.</p>
    <p>“Old Wei, you dead yet?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>There was no reply. Wei Chen saw it, but he could only curse inwardly. How could he have any time to chat?</p>
    <p>“Keep them nervous!” Ye Xiu also sent out an order. His Lord Grim and Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea suddenly went aggressive.</p>
    <p>What?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan were startled.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Fang Rui had tried their hardest to stay on the defensive. Happy had no healer, so they needed to carefully preserve their health. They could not afford to be as reckless as Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had some healing capabilities, but in such an intense battle, his healing was like trying to put out a burning cart with a cup of water.</p>
    <p>Now, the two suddenly bared their fangs. That was a fierceness only Troubling Rain and Bullet Rain previously had!</p>
    <p>Happy’s healer has arrived?</p>
    <p>That was the first thought from Blue Rain’s team members. Sure enough, An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands appeared from behind a stone pillar. His cross, Holy Contract, glowed with white light, a spell ready to cast.</p>
    <p>Shua!</p>
    <p>Holy light surrounded Lord Grim. In that instant, the holy light seemed to converge and then blossom into a wave of resplendence.</p>
    <p>Critical heal!</p>
    <p>It was similar to a critical hit from an attack. A critical heal would heal 50% more, just like a how a critical hit dealt 50% more damage.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s health instantly shot up a chunk. Little Cold Hands had cast the Cleric’s strongest heal, Holy Words. Lord Grim’s sudden increase in health made Huang Shaotian’s heart hurt.</p>
    <p>“Fuck, you bastard. You’re not afraid of overhealing?” Huang Shaotian started his trash talking again.</p>
    <p>“I’m not afraid at all!” Ye Xiu replied. Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella shined with white light as well. He had healed himself. The amount healed was tiny, but nevertheless, he would always heal himself from time to time.</p>
    <p>“Because we have more than enough mana!” Ye Xiu said. There was no need to hide it at this point. He believed that Blue Rain had certainly figured out their intentions by now, but what could they do? They had already accomplished their goal. Xu Jingxi’s Soul Speaker had consumed a substantial amount of mana. Even if they knew, they had no way of changing it. And soon, he would still need to consume more mana, because it was no Happy’s turn to attack.</p>
    <p>Rush them!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim, Boundless Sea, and Dancing Rain attacked together. An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands also went into the open, becoming their pillar. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain no longer let Blue Rain do as they pleased. Dancing Rain leaped into the air, and found her target, Xu Jingxi’s Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>She knew that Soul Speaker was here, and had thought about how to quickly reach him. However, she hadn’t attacked. Happy’s intentions were truly too obvious.</p>
    <p>And this was only for Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>The viewers had figured it out far earlier than Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>Because when Blue Rain had guessed that Happy’s Cleric was on his way there and had seized that opportunity to attack, they had seen that An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands had gone into position even earlier. But because of Ye Xiu’s orders, he had carefully stayed hidden and waited.</p>
    <p>The unskilled players might not understand why, but if Pan Lin and Li Yibo couldn’t understand why given these circumstances, then they would simply be too clueless.</p>
    <p>Happy’s plans were obvious, and they watched as Blue Rain fell for it. When Pan Lin and Li Yibo discussed it, they believed that Yu Wenzhou, Lu Hanwen, and Wei Chen’s battle would be key.</p>
    <p>As it turned out, Wei Chen was miraculously able to hold on. He stalled two players simultaneously, even if it was such an embarrassing manner…</p>
    <p>“Wei Chen is this match’s MVP!” Li Yibo said, “I’ve never seen anyone that could make Yu Wenzhou look so helpless.”</p>
    <p>“But it looks like he’s reached his limit!” Pan Lin said. He gave his respects to the old general. Windward Formation had fallen. Wei Chen had done his all, exhausting the entirety of his character’s life.</p>
    <p>“Happy’s healer is almost there! Perhaps this will be a new turning point!” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“There seems to be a trap!” Li Yibo saw Yu Wenzhou’s and Lu Hanwen’s movements, and suddenly sniffed something out.</p>
  </body>
</html>
