<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1398 - This Feeling</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1398 - This Feeling</h1>
    <p>It had already been a year and a half since the new Level 75 skills had been implemented. They were no longer in the experimental stage of last season. By now, the pro players had already completely mastered these skills.</p>
    <p>The four Level 75 Blade Master skills: Falling Blossom Form, Meteor Form, Piercing Form and Curving Wind Form had already become core skills in their offensives, influencing the entire system of their class playstyles.</p>
    <p>The Level 75 mass update had given Happy many opportunities. For example, all those materials won in the battle for Level 75 Wild Bosses, using Orange equipment from the new update to close the gap in equipment quality between them and Excellent Era…</p>
    <p>However, for Ye Xiu as an individual, the Level 75 mass update was a disadvantage.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was known as the Glory Textbook, a master of all the classes. His experience was incomparably comprehensive. However, the update naturally would influence Glory’s metagame. In a time like this, if one wanted to continue being a master of all, then they would need to carry out far more and far deeper research on the new material than others.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had never gone out of his way to achieve this. His title was from the accumulation of his experience and skill throughout all these years, naturally allowing him to achieve this title.This had to do with a lot of factors, including how he was a part of the very first batch of Glory players, how he was always at the head of the development of techniques and styles in Glory, and how Glory had stopped at Level 70 for so long.</p>
    <p>The Level 75 update unbalanced this situation.</p>
    <p>Although with Ye Xiu’s experience and knowledge he could easily come up with all sorts of ideas upon seeing the new Level 75 skills, he hadn’t looked into it like pro players would with their preferred class. So, when this mass update occurred, a textbook like Ye Xiu would need some time to patch for the update.</p>
    <p>That unmatchable master of all would naturally crack a little during these patches.</p>
    <p>However, this actually existed for all pro players. In building and refining their new combat system, each person would be met with all sorts of accidents and mistakes on the field.</p>
    <p>This was because each person had to update their own Glory schema and this progress might not always be the same for each person, especially since players prioritized their own classes. As for the other classes, they merely had to observe the results of the research of others.</p>
    <p>In the earliest times, all the experts would gather to discuss all manner of things and they would manage to bring a scientific air to the game. Since Ye Xiu had many creative and foundational ideas and achievements in all the classes, his Textbook title was set from then on.</p>
    <p>However, as the Glory pro scene developed into the competitive scene it was now, there was less and less of a chance for these top players of Glory to sit down and simply chat about the update.</p>
    <p>In these times, most people would prefer that what they managed to find out would never be known by any other, forever stay a secret weapon for the field.</p>
    <p>Everything had become information that, if used well, could be the code needed to claim victory.</p>
    <p>This competition had Glory’s technique development growing ever the fiercer and more varied.</p>
    <p>In the past, all the experts would come together to discuss, select, experiment, and come up with rather unified answers.</p>
    <p>However, everyone walked their own path now, and tested each other’s hypotheses in real battle. In the end, the techniques that resulted from this varied. As Blade Masters, Huang Shaotian’s use of the Level 75 skills would be different from Tiny herb’s Liu Xiaobie, or Samsara’s Du Ming, or 301 Degrees’ Gao Jie.</p>
    <p>Everyone had their own ideas and techniques. A standardized path slowly ceased to exist.</p>
    <p>Under these circumstances, it was naturally far harder to be a master of all classes.</p>
    <p>Though Ye Xiu may not have aimed to and pursued such an advantage, under these circumstances, being a master of all classes didn’t yield as much benefit as it could’ve.</p>
    <p>Especially with the Level 75 skills morphing the entire system of skills.</p>
    <p>Now, what he was facing was a class that had experienced a relatively large shift in the paradigm due to a whole four Level 75 sword forms being added. in addition, his opponent was the one with the title of Sword Saint.</p>
    <p>Even though Ye Xiu wouldn’t neglect to keep an eye on Huang Shaotian, wouldn’t be completely clueless as to how he used the four sword forms, but in the end, knowing was different from experiencing it firsthand.</p>
    <p>“What do you think? This feeling’s not bad, huh?”</p>
    <p>After Meteor Form brought Troubling Rain past Lord Grim, drawing forth a stream of blood, he immediately turned. Huang Shaotian even took the time to type out a sentence as he did this, and then, Immortal Guides the Way!</p>
    <p>If this stab attack with a powerful blowback effect was used in a combo of attacks and blew its target too far, then it would naturally cause the combo to break. However, at this time, Troubling Rain had already used Meteor Form to switch positions with Lord Grim. This attack blew Lord Grim back, but soon enough, Lord Grim slammed into the meter tall mud wall. Instead of being sent out too far, the powerful blowback effect slammed Lord Grim into the wall, dealing another round of damage as well as a stun.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain’s offensive continued!</p>
    <p>However, the audience was still pondering over what Huang Shaotian had meant by what he typed just now.</p>
    <p>“This feeling? What feeling?” Pan Lin wondered aloud.</p>
    <p>“Er…” Li Yibo wasn’t sure either.</p>
    <p>Shockingly enough, something Huang Shaotian had typed had managed to elicit everyone’s deep contemplation. What a rare sight! Usually, everyone would be doing their utmost to try and ignore everything that the typed into the chat. However, in this match, against a strong opponent like Ye Xiu, Huang Shaotian didn’t have much energy to spare on flooding the chat. Under such a circumstance, everyone believed that Huang Shaotian would only spare energy on typing something truly meaningful, and not waste it on bullshit like usual.</p>
    <p>What feeling?</p>
    <p>The feeling of being suppressed? Huang Shaotian was probably mocking Ye Xiu, taking revenge for the two that were wiped out by Ye Xiu, right?</p>
    <p>That was what most people thought. The only ones who could truly understand the essence of the trash talk that was compressed into this one sentence was Blue Rain and Happy’s players.</p>
    <p>“He’s probably talking about the slight slip in rhythm due to an unfamiliarity with a new system, right?”</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s Yu Wenzhou and Happy’s Fang Rui practically gave the explanation for Huang Shaotian’s “this feeling” simultaneously.</p>
    <p>“It’s definitely payback!” Fang Rui continued with certainty, “Because everyone got bullied pretty badly by Ye Xiu’s unspecialized.”</p>
    <p>That’s right. In regards to having trouble adapting, how could the changes brought on by the Level 75 skills compare to Ye Xiu bringing back a completely discarded ancient playstyle?</p>
    <p>To everyone, that was truly a completely unfamiliar system. No experience, no ideas, no one had Ye Xiu’s comprehensive knowledge either. For the unspecialized Lord Grim, from the original discovery, to officially engaging in the pro scene, it had been two years if your rounded up. However, this unfamiliarity had yet to disappear. No matter who was met with the unspecialized Lord Grim, they were overwhelmed.</p>
    <p>Thirty-seven consecutive victories in the individual competitions, then wiping out two people at the very beginning of the playoffs. This intimidating record of Ye Xiu’s had at least some ties with the advantages that his unspecialized class brought him.</p>
    <p>But now, Huang Shaotian was using this unfamiliarity against Ye Xiu, so his triumphant jeer was understandable.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain had Lord Grim completely pinned on that meter tall wall. What Ye Xiu had originally used to conceal himself was now exactly what was cutting off his escape. Sword light splattered blood onto the wall again and again, slowly dying it crimson.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s defeat of his two previous opponents meant that he had already beautifully accomplished his mission in this group arena. Even if he was killed by Huang Shaotian here, it wouldn’t matter. But, they weren’t satisfied with just that!</p>
    <p>None of Happy’s members were satisfied. Maybe they were too greedy, but just seeing Ye Xiu on the field, they felt that he wouldn’t be defeated without doing something shocking.</p>
    <p>Losing was normal, but being completely suppressed like Song Xiao, like Lu Hanwen? Even if the opponent was Huang Shaotian. It was completely incomprehensible to Happy’s members.</p>
    <p>Impossible!</p>
    <p>Happy’s players thought. This feeling in their hearts was far more intense than even the most loyal fans of Happy.</p>
    <p>The support of the fans was sometimes completely irrational, blinded by emotions.</p>
    <p>But they weren’t like that. Happy’s members were clear headed and yet this sharp feeling came from their utmost confidence in Ye Xiu. How could that guy, who started from nothing, who took an Internet cafe team through the vicious competition of the Challengers League into the cruelest stage of Glory, the playoffs, be suppressed like this? This was unacceptable!</p>
    <p>“Stop pretending! Hurry up and use your ace!!” Fang Rui suddenly cupped his hands around his mouth and roared at the stage.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn’t hear his voice. The two characters fighting in the projection wouldn’t be able to react at all. Instead, it was Blue Rain’s members on the other bench that heard him.</p>
    <p>“Ace? What ace?” They wondered aloud, nervously watching the match.</p>
    <p>“What ace does he have?” Chen Guo also asked nervously.</p>
    <p>“How the hell would I know? Either way, he definitely has one!” Fang Rui replied.</p>
    <p>“Definitely!” Su Mucheng determinedly expressed her support.</p>
    <p>“Then hurry up!” Wei Chen slapped his leg.</p>
    <p>“He’s going to use it soon, right?” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“What will it be?” The others all wondered in eager anticipation. Though they had no idea what it was, they were certain it existed. Happy’s members seemed almost like a bunch of cult members, all blindly believing.</p>
    <p>“Die!!” On the field, Huang Shaotian once again sent a message. By now, Lord Grim only had 7 percent of his health left and this message was almost like a death sentence.</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>But then, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella suddenly opened. The sword light that Troubling Rain had gathered, preparing to unleash the last strike to Formless Phantom Blade, hit the surface of the umbrella.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt his heart leap.</p>
    <p>If it was just holding up a shield trying to endure the hit, he wouldn’t be so nervous, but the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was so damn massive when opened. Lord Grim was hidden behind it and Ye Xiu was definitely trying to play some sort of trick.</p>
    <p>“Not saying the right thing at the right time is your greatest flaw!” Ye Xiu’s message popped up on the screen.</p>
    <p>Did he leave an opening by typing that one word? Huang Shaotian subconsciously wondered. If Ye Xiu had the time to chat with him, then the other had probably already prepared his trick.</p>
    <p>Experience, awareness, everything sparked and burned. Huang Shaotian resolutely canceled Formless Phantom Blade.</p>
    <p>Sword’s Divine Judgement!</p>
    <p>The Blade Master Awakening skill, activate!</p>
  </body>
</html>
