<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 238 – Randomly Chosen</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 238 – Randomly Chosen</h1>
    <p>“Senior, I’m in Congee City.” Steamed Bun Invasion revived in the city and sent Ye Xiu a message.</p>
    <p>“You’re terrible.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“But I don’t have a weapon and I don’t have money…..” Steamed Bun Invasion said.</p>
    <p>“You…… really are terrible. I’ll be there in a second!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“OK!”</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t immediately return to Congee City, but went towards Line Canyon instead. His team all logged out at Line Canyon. Even though he didn’t think the other team members would be as innocent as Steamed Bun, they would probably encounter some difficulties too.</p>
    <p>At 8:30, Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist came online.</p>
    <p>“Hm? Why isn’t everyone here?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>“Can’t do anything about it.” Ye Xiu replied helplessly. Tang Rou definitely wouldn’t be coming and Qiao Yifan hadn’t come on yet.</p>
    <p>“Can we still do it?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>“We’ll see. Come out of Line Canyon first. Be careful.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng knew what to expect. Even though there were players watching her, Su Mucheng easily shrugged them off.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu went over to receive her. As he approached Line Canyon, he noticed a few players standing outside of the entrance. They didn’t seem to be going in or heading out. Ye Xiu made a calculation. He then rushed forward and cleared them away.</p>
    <p>Each of them sent a message to their respective guilds: Lord Grim is in Line Canyon.</p>
    <p>After 20 seconds, the soldiers who had found him were killed.</p>
    <p>“Oh! You came to receive me?” At Line Canyon, Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist had already reached the entrance. When she climbed up, she saw Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>“Of course.” Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim stood there. Beside him were even a few corpses, the guards who had been waiting there. Even though they died, they didn’t immediately revive and stayed to keep watch instead. They really were responsible and diligent.</p>
    <p>“Way to ruin the scene!” Su Mucheng wasn’t happy with the corpses.</p>
    <p>“Let’s go!” Ye Xiu said and the two left.</p>
    <p>The guilds dispatched their troops and began to pursue them. The participants were the ones from yesterday, but they didn’t have the same fighting spirit like before.</p>
    <p>The players that had participated in battle though were still able to turn their anger into motivation. But the majority of the players had just run around randomly, waiting, or doing something dull and boring. After knowing that they were going to continue today, everyone had prepared their movies, comics, novels, and snacks to better waste their time.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu led Su Mucheng around the map to escape from the guild’s search web. Afterwards, they headed to Bulls Town.</p>
    <p>As the first town players would go to after Beginner Village, even though it was small, it had everything. It was possible to go into the Arena through here as well.</p>
    <p>When they arrived at Bulls Town, it was already almost nine. Ye Xiu first sent Steamed Bun Invasion some money to buy a weapon. He then searched his friends list, Seven Fields, Sleeping Moon, and Drifting Water were on. But if they were to join, they would also join the conflict between Ye Xiu and the guilds. Ye Xiu didn’t want this.</p>
    <p>At 9 o’clock sharp, Endless Night came online and his character was also already in front of the Arena entrance. Crowd Lover and the others were already waiting there. They didn’t dare have Zhang Xinjie wait for them.</p>
    <p>They didn’t dare, but Ye Xiu did.</p>
    <p>“Start?”</p>
    <p>“Not enough players.”</p>
    <p>“4 hours and 37 minutes wasn’t enough time?” Zhang Xinjie was very unhappy.</p>
    <p>“No choice. How about another time. Is 12 okay?”</p>
    <p>“No.” 12 was Zhang Xinjie’s sleeping time.</p>
    <p>“Then what do you say.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“When will you be able to gather your players?’ Zhang Xinjie asked.</p>
    <p>“12…..”</p>
    <p>“Tomorrow then. I hope you won’t miss it again.” Zhang Xinjie concluded. He didn’t want to waste time.</p>
    <p>“Ah, wait! I have someone.” Ye Xiu hastily called. He had just received a prompt. He hadn’t checked yet and the message was already there: “PKPKPKPKPK.”</p>
    <p>“The noisy guy’s here again!” Su Mucheng disdained.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim quickly entered the Arena. He opened a room and after finishing, he sent the room number to Huang Shaotian’s Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>“Wait for me to switch accounts!” Huang Shaotian immediately said.</p>
    <p>“Come here for now!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why?” Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“First help us play a round.”</p>
    <p>“F*ck f*ck f*ck!! I came to PK with you. Do you think I’m a summoned creature!” Huang Shaotian cursed.</p>
    <p>“It’ll be quick.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No weapon!” Huang Shaotian called.</p>
    <p>“Look for Steamed Bun Invasion. He’s currently buying a weapon. Let him buy you one.” Ye Xiu replied. Huang Shaotian went to contact Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>In the Arena, the other team immediately entered after receiving the room number. Jiang You’s team hadn’t changed classes, except the Cleric had become Endless Night.</p>
    <p>On Ye Xiu’s side, his Lord Grim and Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist were already there. The three empty spaces hadn’t been filled.</p>
    <p>“Where are your players?” Endless Night messaged. Suddenly, the third spot was taken and a character locked in: Steamed Bun Invasion. Quickly after, the fourth: Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>“Flowing Tree?” Jiang You was surprised.</p>
    <p>“Who’s this?” Zhang Xinjie asked.</p>
    <p>“We didn’t meet him yesterday, but he killed quite a few players in Congee Forest. He’s only Level 27.” Jiang You introduced him.</p>
    <p>“Hurry up. Hurry up. Hurry up!” Flowing Tree immediately began hurrying them.</p>
    <p>“He also talks a lot.” Jiang You added.</p>
    <p>“The Blade Master’s words are already flowing.” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>“Then who is this?” A fifth players locked in. The Striker was puzzled when he looked at it. This fifth player was a Level 31 Assassin called Zero Kills. He hadn’t heard of such a player.</p>
    <p>“Zero Kills?” Jiang You was also puzzled. He quickly sent Cold Night a message. Cold Night didn’t know either.</p>
    <p>。</p>
    <p>“Ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready ready!” Flowing Tree typed again.</p>
    <p>“If you don’t want to be exposed, then talk a bit less.” Ye Xiu said to Flowing Tree.</p>
    <p>“Hm?”</p>
    <p>‘That Endless Night over there is Zhang Xinjie.”</p>
    <p>“You serious?” Huang Shaotian was surprised.</p>
    <p>At this moment, everyone clicked ready and the team competition began. They quickly entered the battlefield and the map Lava Cemetery was randomly chosen.</p>
    <p>“You serious?” After entering the map, Huang Shaotian asked again.</p>
    <p>“No. You keep on chatting!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Usually, Huang Shaotian would begin typing crazily into the public chat as soon as he entered, but this time he resisted. As for that Zero Kills, he impatiently rushed up to battle.</p>
    <p>“Hey, this bro’s so impatient. Who is he?’ Huang Shaotian asked.</p>
    <p>“No idea.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No idea?” Huang Shaotian didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“We didn’t have enough players, so a random person joined.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Everyone went crazy. Ye Xiu didn’t put a password in his room, so anyone could join. Previously, the three spots had been flashing like crazy because whenever a person joined, Ye Xiu would kick him. He did that to keep Steamed Bun Invasion and Huang Shaotian’s spot. After they joined, he didn’t care. As a result, the next random person who joined was this Assassin, Zero Kills.</p>
    <p>As for Tyrannical Ambition, they were the ones at stake. If they won, they didn’t get anything, but if they lost, they would lose a lot of precious materials. Who else would accept these conditions?</p>
    <p>“Even though that Flowing Tree is low-leveled, the reports say he isn’t weak. As for that Assassin, I have no idea. But in order to participate in this match, his strength shouldn’t be looked down on.” Jiang You analyzed.</p>
    <p>“Look, that Assassin’s coming.” The Striker called. The Assassin, Zero Kills, had left the team and rushed forward.</p>
    <p>“What type of strategy is this?’ Zhang Xinjie wondered, when Zero Kills suddenly stopped and turned back.</p>
    <p>“He’s going back now?’ Tyrannical Ambition’s players were utterly confused.</p>
  </body>
</html>
