<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 229 – In the Blink of an Eye</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 229 – In the Blink of an Eye</h1>
    <p>Jiang You’s team was once again obliterated. They had no way of knowing what the situation was ahead of them and could only wait for Cold Night’s report.</p>
    <p>Cold Night had already sent everyone Lord Grim’s whereabouts. He also leaked the truth: Lord Grim and the BOSS were together.</p>
    <p>Hearing this, everyone went into an uproar. Excellent Dynasty’s guild leader Chen Yehui was met with at least 50 shouts filled with anger. Chen Yehui was also very gloomy. He had sent players to check who had verified that there wasn’t any BOSS, which meant that he had been played as a fool by Lord Grim just like everyone else was.</p>
    <p>The hundreds of player sitting at Line Canyon for hours and hours began storming their way over. After Chen Yehui heard Cold Night’s report of Lord Grim’s whereabouts, he checked the map.</p>
    <p>That f*cker! Ye Qiu was too shameless! The coordinates he had given and the actual coordinates were several hundred coordinates off. Why? Did he intentionally lure everyone away in order to fight the BOSS himself? Chen Yehui pondered as their troops hurried over.</p>
    <p>The guilds all kept their distance away from each other. The BOSS “Lord Grim” didn’t need to be stolen, but the wild BOSS Cliff Ronin was different. Glory, equipment, materials, no one wanted to share these things with other guilds. Thinking about the rain of blood that poured with every wild BOSS, the guilds prepared themselves.</p>
    <p>Cold Night was relatively calm. He understood the situation and reckoned that they probably wouldn’t be able to reach the Cliff Ronin Alpine in time. Lord Grim was too smart. He might have already calculated the time needed for his team to kill the BOSS and the time needed for Cold Night and the others to arrive.</p>
    <p>Thinking of this, Cold Night looked for the other guilds in order to ask for the players guarding the leveling area and dungeons to scatter and head towards that area. They didn’t need to block Lord Grim, they just needed to find his whereabouts.</p>
    <p>After saying this, everyone else was suspicious: “Aren’t your people supposed to be over there?”</p>
    <p>Cold Night calmly replied: “We had just found them and they’re all dead now, which was why I warned everyone not to let Lord Grim escape. Lord Grim probably expected this to happen so he already knows where we are.”</p>
    <p>“Unless he’s willing to abandon the BOSS, there’s no way he’d be able to run too quickly with the BOSS attacking him.” One player said.</p>
    <p>“We should still take precautions. Let’s take a look at the map.” Another said.</p>
    <p>As a result, the leaders studied the map as they ran. They figured out how to divide everyone and what routes to go along.</p>
    <p>On Ye Xiu’s side, after killing off Tyrannical Ambition’s players, they turned towards the BOSS as their target. The Cliff Ronin Alpine hissed and roared. He unleashed an Earth Shattering Slash, spraying stones and gravel everywhere.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was the quickest to dodge the attack. Seeing the Cliff Ronin begin his attack animation, he immediately used a Shadow Clone Technique. His fake body was left behind, while his real body moved outside of the attack’s range.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion didn’t have such a method of escaping. After hearing Ye Xiu’s “Careful!”, they stared forward at their screens.</p>
    <p>“It’s here!” Tang Rou saw a slight movement on her screen, but her reaction was a bit too slow and a rock crashed into her. The sudden drop in health made Tang Rou feel pained for her Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>On Steamed Bun Invasion’s side, his extreme luck exploded. Not a single rock headed towards where he was standing.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha. I bet you didn’t know that luck is a type of skill too.” Steamed Bun Invasion said gleefully to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“I have to say that what you just said is very logical, Steamed Bun.” Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim rushed forward and was also the BOSS’s target.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin only had so many skills. Before their ambush, Ye Xiu had explained this to the others. When they saw the BOSS wave his sword, Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion went behind the Cliff Ronin to his dead angle.</p>
    <p>After the two went behind the BOSS, Ye Xiu continued to rush forward. At this moment, Lord Grim leaped up at the perfect time and looked like he stepped on the Ronin’s katana.</p>
    <p>“Hey, are you two watching a play?” Ye Xiu saw that Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion were both looking up in awe at him and weren’t using the time to attack.</p>
    <p>The two heard and went back to reality.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist used a Sky Strike and Steamed Bun Invasion attacked with a Brick.</p>
    <p>Under the Enraged state, the Cliff Ronin was as steady as a rock. The Sky Strike wouldn’t launch him into the air and the Brick wouldn’t cause him to go dizzy. Lord Grim leapt over the BOSS and used the Striker “Eagle Stamp”,stepping on the BOSS’s head three times.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had to hurry up and attack. At this moment, the difference in aggro levels between the three of them wasn’t large. If Lord Grim did a bit less damage, it was very likely that the two would pull the aggro away.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin obviously wouldn’t just stand there and let them attack him. He immediately swung his sword and this time, used the Berserker skill, Backwards Slash.</p>
    <p>This attack had a large range; from in front of him to the top of his head to behind him. Not only was he attacking Lord Grim, but he was also attacking Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion who were behind him.</p>
    <p>After seeing the katana swish towards him, Lord Grim suddenly pointed with his sword and used a “Falling Light Blade” in order to fall faster. The sword crashed down, swiping past the BOSS, who didn’t budge in the slightest. However, this attack allowed Lord Grim to dodge the attack. Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion had already jumped away before the slash hit.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Thousand Chance Umbrella switched to the Tonfa form and used the Grappler Fling.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin Alpine couldn’t block this type of grab and was flung onto the ground.</p>
    <p>Even though it was a priority grab, the Cliff Ronin Alpine still had a strong body and was only flung half the usual distance and height. It was called a fling, but in reality, it looked more like he tripped.</p>
    <p>“Receive!” Ye Xiu shouted.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion concentrated and rushed forward together. Steamed Bun Invasion used a Strangle and accurately hit the Cliff Ronin’s throat. The effect was extremely brief, but Ye Xiu and Tang Rou was able to use this opportunity. The two of them looked as if they were doing the same movement. Their right hands held their lances behind them and their left hands flew out.</p>
    <p>“Bang!”</p>
    <p>The two noises together sounded like one. Just before the Cliff Ronin landed on the ground, they both used a Falling Flower Palm to forcefully blow him away. Soft Mist quickly followed with a Fire Chaser. Lord Grim’s battle lance retracted and the tip of his Thousand Chance Umbrella turned into a black muzzle. Anti-Tank Missiles followed closely after the Fire Chaser and exploded on the BOSS. As for Steamed Bun Invasion, he used a Sand Toss after letting go of Strangle.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin fell to the ground. They leapt back to avoid the shockwaves as he got up. Lord Grim drew his sword and a purple-like mist seeped out from his sword, quickly forming a Sword Soul.</p>
    <p>Inside the Sword Boundary, their Strength was increased. After the Cliff Ronin rose, his eyes flashed and charged at Lord Grim with his sword raised.</p>
    <p>This “Colliding Stab” was both fierce and quick. In the blink of an eye, he had reached Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>In an instant, the Cliff Ronin seemed to have passed through Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin still had his katana facing forward, but his sword hadn’t hit anything. A streak of blood flew out from behind his neck. Steamed Bun Invasion and Tang Rou tried to think back on what happened in that instant, but weren’t able to remember any details. All they knew was that in that instant, Lord Grim had sidestepped and the Cliff Ronin had brushed past him. The blood that flew out made Steamed Bun Invasion think of a certain skill.</p>
    <p>“Cut Throat?” Steamed Bun Invasion yelled absent-mindedly.</p>
    <p>This skill could only be used behind the target’s back. Previously, when the Cliff Ronin and Lord Grim clashed, it was so brief that they hadn’t understood what exactly had happened. In that short instant, Ye Xiu was able to turn around and use a Cut Throat. Even though they had been with him every day, Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion couldn’t help but be shocked.</p>
    <p>“Dumbstruck again?” Lord Grim had already drawn his sword and used a Collapsing Mountain to follow up.</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin’s “Colliding Stab” hadn’t hit, so he stopped, while still inside the Sword Boundary. The Cliff Ronin was only able to turn around halfway when he was hit by the Collapsing Mountain. Steamed Bun Invasion came in from the left and smacked him with a Brick, while Tang Rou came in from the right and stabbed twice with a “Double Stab”.</p>
    <p>“AH!!!”</p>
    <p>The Cliff Ronin let out one final cry, before the light in his eyes faded.</p>
  </body>
</html>
