<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1068: Dry Tea Green’s Sponsorship</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1068: Dry Tea Green’s Sponsorship</h1>
    <p>"Dry Tea Green?" Chang Xian stared blankly. He wasn't a City H person, but he had worked as a reporter here for quite some time. He was no stranger to this name. It was a name that could be seen everywhere in City H.</p>
    <p>Dry Tea Green was a privately owned tea beverage company in City H. The various tea drinks that they produced were best sellers in the country. In City H, it occupied a large market share.</p>
    <p>Beverages had an extremely wide range of uses. They could sponsor practically anything. However, for esports, the goods that gained the most benefit from sponsorships were tech-related products. As a result, the vast majority of team sponsorships were tech-related products.</p>
    <p>Cao Guangcheng said that he had a good recommendation. Chang Xian originally thought that it was a tech-related product, but it turned out to be a tea drink? How could you say that was a great recommendation?</p>
    <p>Cao Guangcheng saw Chang Xian's hesitation and obviously knew what he was hesitating about. He smiled: "Go do some research!"</p>
    <p>"Okay!" Chang Xian replied and went to look up related information. Since Cao Guangcheng had recommended Dry Tean Green, he would naturally pay particularly close attention to it.</p>
    <p>"What do you think?" Cao Guangcheng asked a short while later.</p>
    <p>"This Dry Tea Green really is Excellent Era's most faithful sponsor!" Chang Xian was moved. The data showed that Dry Tea Green had sponsored Excellent Era for a good seven years. Starting from season three, Dry Tea Green had been Excellent Era's most loyal sponsor.</p>
    <p>"Take a look at this season." Cao Guangcheng said.　　</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Chang Xian checked the season nine data. Dry Tea Green was still a sponsor. Although the amount wasn't as high, Excellent Era had been relegated this season, so all their sponsors substantially lowered their sponsorship amounts. That wasn't anything strange, no? 　</p>
    <p>"Dry Tea Green still sponsored them during season nine." Cao Guangcheng said.</p>
    <p>"Yeah! Most of Excellent Era's sponsors stayed. After all, with Excellent Era's position, these sponsors probably hadn't included any clauses in their contract that would nullify it as soon as they were relegated." Chang Xiang said.　</p>
    <p>Yes, clauses that cancelled the contract once the team was relegated. Whether it was sponsors or players, these types of automatic clauses would show up. However, those were for mid-tier and bottom-tier teams. For a powerhouse like Excellent Era, adding in that sort of clause was an insult. How could Excellent Era get relegated? Not long before, no one thought it was possible. As a result, whether it was sponsors or players, no one would be concerned about adding in this clause in the contract. It was a groundless fear!</p>
    <p>"Haha, the vast majority didn't, but there are exceptions." Cao Guangcheng said.</p>
    <p>"Could you mean Dry Tea Green..." Chang Xian realized what Cao Guangcheng was getting at and immediately checked the data.</p>
    <p>"We don't have any of the details of the contract here, but I know that the contract between Dry Tea Green and Excellent Era has always included this clause. However, in season nine, even though the contract could be cancelled because of the clause, they did not cease their sponsorship. They only reduced the sponsorship amount. This at least shows their determination in sponsoring Glory!"</p>
    <p>Chang Xian nodded his head. Cao Guangcheng's words were reasonable. But after looking at the data some more, he asked again: "But this Dry Tea Green….... Their sponsorship amount isn't really that high!"</p>
    <p>"Dry Tea Green is determined to sponsor Glory, yet the sponsorship amount isn't high. What does this mean? It means that there's room for negotiation! After Excellent Era won three championships in a row, they fell on the decline. Their performance was just passable. But Happy has instantly become famous. Their reputation is rising accordingly. There really is an opportunity for them to get a deal with Dry Tea Green." Cao Guangcheng said.</p>
    <p>"You're too right!" Chang Xian was excited. He sincerely hoped the best for Happy. After organizing the information, he immediately called Chen Guo, sending her this information, while stressing the name Dry Tea Green.　</p>
    <p>Dry Tea Green…...</p>
    <p>Chen Guo grew up in City H. She was very familiar with this name. Saying that she grew up drinking their tea was a bit too much, but she had the circumstances to. Chen Guo just didn't really like it that much, that's all.</p>
    <p>In the beginning, Dry Tea Green was focused solely on tea drinks, but they had expanded their market into all sorts of areas now. Their tea drinks were still their most popular products though, especially in City H. This company's strength didn't need to be mentioned. If Team Happy could get a sponsorship from them, that would be a huge step forward!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo asked about everything she could from Chang Xian. After hanging up, she smugly started to prepare her attack.</p>
    <p>According to Lou Guanning's analysis, Team Happy just needed to wait for sponsorships to come knocking on their door. However, Chen Guo wanted to be more proactive.</p>
    <p>Dry Tea Green was their first target! Chang Xian had told her who to contact. Chen Guo immediately contacted him. The person on the other end was clearly just an assistant or secretary responsible for taking calls. After hearing Chen Guo's purpose for calling, the secretary was slightly startled and seemed to ask someone for more instructions. Then, the secretary gave Chen Guo a reply: tomorrow at 9 AM.</p>
    <p>Not bad!</p>
    <p>The other side had quickly arranged for a meeting. It looked like the other side was very interested in sponsoring them. Chang Xiang's recommendation was good. This Dry Tea Green valued sponsoring Glory quite a bit!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo excitedly returned to Upper Forest Park and told the news to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Dry Tea Green?" Ye Xiu heard the name and wrinkled his brow.</p>
    <p>"What's wrong?" Chen Guo was a bit confused about Ye Xiu's response.</p>
    <p>"I'll go with you tomorrow to take a look." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Oh?"</p>
    <p>"How did you think to contact them?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Little Chang recommended them." Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"LIttle Chang?" Ye Xiu was surprised, "Why did he recommend them?"</p>
    <p>Chen Guo told him what Chang Xiang said. Ye Xiu nodded his head: "That's reasonable!"</p>
    <p>"Yeah! Then let's go tomorrow morning. We can't be late." Chen Guo said. 　　</p>
    <p>"Understood." Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo excitedly logged into Glory and started playing. As for Ye Xiu, his QQ blinked. He saw a message from Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>"Dry Tea Green?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah... we'll take a look tomorrow and then we'll see." Ye Xiu replied.　　</p>
    <p>"Okay." Su Mucheng didn't say anything more.</p>
    <p>The next morning, Chen Guo dragged Ye Xiu out the door. She didn't want to leave a bad impression on the other side by being late. But when the two arrived at Dry Tea Green, it was only 8:30 AM. After being guided by the receptionist, the two came to Dry Tea Green's external affairs department. The person to receive them was the person who had picked up Chen Guo's call yesterday. Because it wasn't yet the appointment time, the secretary arranged for the two to wait a bit at the lobby.</p>
    <p>Everything seemed to be going well, so Chen Guo was very excited.</p>
    <p>"External affairs... hm, will we need this type of department in the future?" Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Of course." Ye Xiu nodded his head.　</p>
    <p>Time passed. In the blink of an eye, it was 9 AM. Chen Guo was looking forward to it, but then that secretary came back on time with an apologetic look: "Sorry.... Mr. Xiazong still has some business to take care of. I'll have to ask you two to wait just a bit longer."</p>
    <p>"Oh... no worries. We'll wait then. Thanks!" A thread of disappointment flashed across Chen Guo's face, but it disappeared soon. It was just a bit longer. It was nothing.　　</p>
    <p>"Then let's wait a bit!" After the secretary left, Chen Guo let out an expression of disappointment and then sat back down.</p>
    <p>"This meeting... it's best if you don't put too much hopes on it." Ye Xiu suddenly said.</p>
    <p>"Why?" Chen Guo didn't understand.</p>
    <p>"Do you know who the Mr. Xiaozong she mentioned is?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"Yeah!" Chen Guo nodded her head, "Xia Zongtian, Dry Tea Green's external affairs director. Dry Tea Green is his Xia family's business. He's the son of Dry Tea Green's CEO Xia Dongnan. More importantly, he's a huge Glory fan."</p>
    <p>"Correct." Ye Xiu nodded his head, "He's a Glory fan. What's more, he's a very loyal Team Excellent Era fan."</p>
    <p>"Oh?" Chen Guo was slightly surprised. Even though she hadn't realized anything, she could feel that Ye Xiu was hinting at something.</p>
    <p>"How much do you know about Dry Tea Green's sponsorship for Excellent Era?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"They've been sponsors for seven years, starting from season three of the Glory Alliance. Dry Tea Green's sponsorship for Excellent Era has never stopped even when Excellent Era was relegated this season. Despite having a clause saying that they could null the contract after the team was relegated, they insisted on sponsoring them and only reduced the sponsorship by a bit." Chen Guo said.　</p>
    <p>"Correct..." Ye Xiu nodded his head, "Then what if I told you that Dry Tea Green's sponsorship for Excellent Era is actually Xiao Zongtian's personal decision. What would you think?"</p>
    <p>"Personal decision?" Chen Guo was puzzled.　　</p>
    <p>"Yes... in reality, the company Dry Tea Green doesn't have much interest in sponsoring a Glory team. However, Xiao Zongtian is a big fan of Glory and also a loyal Excellent Era fan, so he stood his ground against everyone else and insisted on sponsoring Excellent Era. Dry Tea Green is the Xia family's business, so the department turned a blind eye towards it and approved his request. You can say that this sponsorship isn't a business contract, but rather a fan's personal support for the team." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Why do you know so much?" Chen Guo was astonished.　</p>
    <p>"Hello? If I remember correctly, I was once Team Excellent Era's former captain?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"So you're saying that apart from Excellent Era, Dry Tea Green isn't interested in supporting any team other than Excellent Era?" Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"Yes." Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>"Then why did Little Chang strongly recommend Dry Tea Green?"　　</p>
    <p>"Uh, he's probably too young and didn't understood this crux of the matter!" Ye Xiu said, "From the surface, a sponsorship from Dry Tea Green truly has a lot of potential."</p>
    <p>"Then why were we called over?"</p>
    <p>"I'm puzzled about that too." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo had originally been excited, but now she was nervous. In the blink of an eye, it was 10 AM. In terms of their appointment time, they had waited for an entire hour.</p>
    <p>"Xiazong, they've already waited for an hour. Shouldn't you meet them?" In Xiao Zongtian's office, the secretary asked.</p>
    <p>"No time. I'm busy. Have them wait some more." Xiao Zongtian didn't even glance at his secretary. He just looked at the screen as sounds of mouse-clicking and keyboard-tapping sounded incessantly.</p>
  </body>
</html>
