<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1619 - Once in a Blue Moon</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1619 - Once in a Blue Moon</h1>
    <p>Zhou Zekai, Jiang Botao, Sun Xiang.　　</p>
    <p>These three top players were being held down by a single person. It was inconceivable, and it also meant a once in a blue moon opportunity.</p>
    <p>You needed to be aggressive facing these kinds of opportunities. If you missed it, wouldn't that be a tragedy?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was thinking about the pros and cons, when he saw Su Mucheng type out in the chat: "Scatter!"</p>
    <p>That's my line! Fang Rui saw that Su Mucheng had come to the same conclusion. He no longer hesitated.</p>
    <p>Samsara didn't go along their original route, likely because Ye Xiu was holding down three of their players. Nevertheless, they would come across them at some point. No matter which route they took, their general direction would remain the same.</p>
    <p>However, Samsara had many options available to them. Searching through all of them with just three people might take too long.</p>
    <p>Narrowing down these options required intuition and courage. Samsara did not take the most direct route. That was a reality. What would they be thinking when making a choice? If they took a route that was too far, they would be too cut off from the others on the team. Both parties would have trouble helping each other. However, this choice would also prove the most troublesome for Happy. A simpler route wouldn't result in the team coming apart, but Happy would have a relatively easier time intercepting them.</p>
    <p>Which choice was Samsara more likely to take? Answering this question required careful thinking. If Happy took the wrong turn, there would be no room for regret.</p>
    <p>"Checking nearby!"</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was still trying to figure out what Samsara might be thinking, when Su Mucheng made the choice. Then, he saw Dancing Rain climb onto the roof of a nearby storeroom and check their surroundings.</p>
    <p>No one.</p>
    <p>As expected, Lu Boyuan and Fang Minghua didn't choose an overly conspicuous route. But by moving along the rooftops, Dancing Rain would be able to see more than the others, while also being at a convenient high point if a fight broke out.</p>
    <p>"Me left, you right," Fang Rui messaged. He went to the left, while Qiao Yifan went to the right. They started inspecting what simpler routes Samsara might have taken.</p>
    <p>But soon afterwards, Fang Rui saw Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain moving along the edges of the storeroom near him and waving her hands at him.</p>
    <p>Fang Ming understood her gesturing. She had already checked this area. Fang Rui could move farther to the left and expand their search area.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had Boundless Sea immediately make adjustments. He moved farther to the left before moving on.</p>
    <p>We have to be fast!</p>
    <p>All three of them had the same thought. Even though Ye Xiu had replied back confidently with numerous 1s, he was certainly under a lot of pressure. It wasn't like they could hope that Ye Xiu could kill the three on Samsara on his own. They needed to hurry and seize the opportunity that Ye Xiu had given them, so they could pull the carpet from under Samsara!</p>
    <p>This was what it meant to be an ace player!</p>
    <p>As Boundless Sea scouted ahead, Fang Rui felt deeply moved by Ye Xiu. It was true that he was the highest paid player on Happy, using their strongest character. However, if he were in Ye Xiu's position, he felt rather terrified thinking that he could stall those three on Samsara by himself. He didn't have any confidence that he could do it.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was Happy's true ace player. There was never any doubt about that. Su Mucheng's firm decisions had touched Fang Rui as well. Although he had been thinking the same as Su Mucheng, Su Mucheng had been the one to make the call. This was a huge difference. This was a show of her confidence and her courage in taking risks. Fang Rui had lost to Su Mucheng in this aspect.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, my fate is to be a supporting character!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui sighed. Even though he didn't have any grand ambitions, every pro player longed to be the core of a team. Because of Fang Rui's playstyle, he was never suitable to be the symbol of a team, and he felt wronged by it. But through Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng, he realized that he wasn't suitable to be an ace player. His playstyle wasn't the only reason.</p>
    <p>It's okay though, I'm used to it!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui knew how to console himself and quickly discarded those thoughts. He had never cared much about it in the first place. He was just a bit sensitive after feeling unhappy about his performance in the playoffs.</p>
    <p>After discarding those useless thoughts, Fang Rui's focus quickly returned back to the match. Boundless Sea continued to move forward. He was currently between two storerooms. The entrances of the storeroom weren't on this side, so it was a rather narrow path. The storeroom to the right of him was longer than the storeroom to the left. He soon reached the end of the left storeroom and arrived at the beginning of a new storeroom. He was at a T-shaped intersection. He looked ahead, but didn't see anyone, so the left then?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui hesitated slightly, but he recalled the resolve that Su Mucheng had before and admonished himself.</p>
    <p>To the left!</p>
    <p>To the left it is!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea took a left turn at the T-intersection. He wasn't letting his emotions affect his decision. Fang Rui had estimated how fast their targets were moving. If they had continued forward, he should have seen them up ahead. However, they hadn't. Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan hadn't found anything either. If he continued heading to the left, he would have a higher chance of finding Fang Minghua and Lu Boyuan.</p>
    <p>The path to the left was narrow. Only one person could fit through it at one time. As Boundless Sea ran along it, Fang Rui would look behind himself ever so often. During this process, Fang Rui inadvertently noticed that there was a window at a height of three meters, every few meters along the walls of the storeroom to his right.</p>
    <p>This...</p>
    <p>Fang Rui could sense that something wasn't right.　</p>
    <p>These sort of details were difficult for away teams to notice ahead of time. By utilizing these windows, Samsara could check outside without needing to stand out in the open on top of the roof, making it much harder for Happy to find them.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui looked around again. The storeroom behind him and to his left weren't as tall as the one on his right. The view from those windows were quite good. At the very least, they would be able to see Dancing Rain jumping across rooftops.</p>
    <p>Then, what about his Boundless Sea? If Fang Minghua and Lu Boyuan were watching from those storerooms, they would have noticed his movements long ago!</p>
    <p>Thinking of this, Boundless Sea sped up. As an expert at ambushes, Fang Rui was aware of how dangerous his location was. He was in a long and narrow path that could only fit one person. The walls to his left and right were too tall for him to jump over. If he were pincered, he would be in a very bad situation.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>Not good!!!　</p>
    <p>Samsara had chosen this map. The loading screen gave some information on the map though. For example, the locations of the support zones. Fang Rui's current location was quite close to the support zone at the center. If he were in Samsara's shoes, he would probably...</p>
    <p>Bang bang...　　</p>
    <p>Two gunshots. Fang Rui's thoughts were interrupted. The crowd burst into cheers.</p>
    <p>While Fang Rui was thinking about what his opponents would do, the viewers could see Lu Boyuan's and Fang Minghua's movements. They moved towards Fang Rui's area and then went into one of the storerooms. Then, they went to the windows. From these windows, they soon noticed Dancing Rain jumping across rooftops, looking for them.</p>
    <p>The two couldn't see Fang Rui's Boundless Sea because he was blocked by a storeroom. However, the two seemed to somehow know that Boundless Sea was heading towards them. Fang Minghua's Laughing Song ran over to the support zone and switched with Du Ming's Moon Luring Frost. Samsara had five attackers on the field now.</p>
    <p>Then, Fang Rui arrived at the T-intersection. While he was figuring out which direction to go towards, the Samsara fans gripped their seats in the suspense. They knew that Lu Boyuan and Du Ming were hiding to the left, waiting to ambush him. But what if Fang Rui didn't go left?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Boundless Sea ended up going to the left. Their hopes were fulfilled...　　</p>
    <p>Bang bang.</p>
    <p>Two windows were broken. Lu Boyuan's Chaotic Cloudy Mountain and Du Ming's Moon Luring Frost each broke through a window and jumped down. Their ambush had begun. Samsara's fans had been waiting for this scene to happen. 　　</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui clenched his teeth. He wasn't surprised by the ambush. But his opponents had truly been cunning. When they saw that Fang Rui had been caught in their trap, they didn't immediately attack. Instead, they held their positions and waited. They hadn't waiting for Fang Rui to move, but for Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan to move. They were waiting for those two to move farther and farther away. As for Fang Rui? Until he was 100% sure that he was ambushed, he couldn't ask them for help. If it turned out that there was no ambush, a false alarm would destroy Su Mucheng's and Qiao Yifan's pace.</p>
    <p>And now the ambush had come.</p>
    <p>"XXX, XXX!"</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had his coordinates already typed into the chat. When he saw Du Ming and Lu Boyuan arrive, pincering him from the front and the rear, he immediately pressed enter. 　　</p>
    <p>In front was Lu Boyuan's Chaotic Cloudy Mountain.</p>
    <p>Behind was Du Ming's Moon Luring Frost.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't hesitate. He immediately turned around and charged at Moon Luring Frost.　</p>
    <p>The exit behind him was farther away than the exit in front, but in this narrow space, Blade Masters were easier to fight against than Grapplers. As a Grappler, all Lu Boyuan needed to do was activate Reinforced Iron Bones, walk over, and grab him. Fang Rui didn't think he had any chance of getting past him. On the other hand, Blade Masters had their movements restricted by the narrow space. Many of their skills couldn't be used. Fang Rui could take advantage of that!</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea sprinted towards Moon Luring Frost. His palms were already gathering qi, but as Moon Luring Frost fell, his hands grasped his sword, and his gaze directed at Boundless Sea!</p>
    <p>Downwind Sword Slash!</p>
    <p>A sharp sword light fell. Du Ming knew that this terrain was unfavorable for his class. He knew that Fang Rui would certainly choose to get past him. As soon as he broke the window and leapt out, he had started his attack. The sword light from the powerful Downwind Sword Slash filled the entire path. There was no escaping it.</p>
  </body>
</html>
