<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1228: A Risky Move</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1228: A Risky Move</h1>
    <p>Li Xun's shock couldn't described with just words. Speaking of which, only Team Void's six players didn't know about the four Happy players hiding. Even the Team Void players sitting at their bench had seen Happy's movements through the viewers' omniscient view. Unfortunately, they couldn't inform their teammates on stage. They could only run around in circles anxiously like cats on a hot tin roof.</p>
    <p>As for the crowd?</p>
    <p>They didn't feel shocked like Li Xun. They could only wait expectantly for Team Void to rush forward and run into an unexpected situation. And now, the time had finally come.</p>
    <p>This was the climax of the script!</p>
    <p>When Li Xun's Ghost Lantern ran past the watchtower and came across Happy's four players, the crowd fired up.</p>
    <p>Li Xun only needed a glance to understand what had just happened because the four characters waiting here were Lord Grim, Boundless Sea, Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Yes, no healer. They had no one slowing them down. Happy came up full force. It wasn't just Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain, but everyone. As for Little Cold Hands? He had probably switched with Steamed Bun Invasion as soon as the match started… the starting spawn point was also the support zone.</p>
    <p>1v4?</p>
    <p>Li Xun wasn't that naive, but what should he do now? He had run here as fast as he could, so his movement skills were all on cooldown. He couldn't escape nor could he beat them. He had to hurry and inform his teammates of his situation.</p>
    <p>"Trapped!"</p>
    <p>Li Xun chose to use the most concise way possible to notify his teammates as Happy's four character threw themselves at him.</p>
    <p>Trapped? Did they need a reminder? Team Void's four other players weren't far from Li Xun's Ghost Lantern, so they saw the ambush from Happy's four players. Everyone was stunned.</p>
    <p>Ghost Lantern was surrounded in an instant. Team Void was now at a huge disadvantage.</p>
    <p>How did this happen?</p>
    <p>Li Xuan wasn't famous for his tactical skill, and he didn't like to take risks. He quickly felt the difference between the two team's tactical levels.</p>
    <p>The difference was "risk"!</p>
    <p>When the match started, Void could have sent their Launcher, Yang Haoxuan, to fight for this position, but because they didn't want to risk it, fearing that Yang Haoxuan would be suppressed by Su Mucheng. Thus, the team spread out further to be safer.</p>
    <p>As for Happy? They directly abandoned their healer and made a beeline towards this position to get there as fast as possible. Without Void knowing, Happy arrived, while having Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain make a feint towards the high grounds. Happy had played extremely risky. If Void hadn't impatiently tried to take down Dancing Rain and continued their advance forward, even if Dancing Rain held the high grounds, being without a healer wasn't something that a skilled support character could make up for. In fierce close combat, Launchers could not stop a relentless offensive.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, Void didn't do this.</p>
    <p>They did not dare risk it, but they did not steadily advance forward either. When they saw Su Mucheng take the high grounds, they viewed it as their opportunity to victory, so they started moving full speed ahead, even switching out their healer for a damage dealer midway.</p>
    <p>The risk they took had been after seeking for stability. Compared to Happy, who risked it all at the start, their risk had been much smaller. 　　</p>
    <p>Ghost Lantern was instantly surrounded. Void's other four players immediately understood the situation too.</p>
    <p>What should they do?</p>
    <p>"Rescue!"</p>
    <p>Li Xuan typed a single word in chat.　　</p>
    <p>They had no choice but to save him. Li Xun alone probably had no chance of escaping a 4v1 situation. If he died, it would become a 5v6. Although Void could have their sixth player sub in, it would still be a 5v5. However, Happy would have an extra player as a backup, allowing them to play more forcefully to take the initiative. Forcing the two sides to trade would be disadvantageous for Void.</p>
    <p>Thus, at this moment, Li Xuan didn't choose to retreat, instead calling for everyone to hurry over. After all, the rest of Void wasn't that far from him. With a ghost boundary placed down, Li Xuan felt like he should be able to quickly find an opening for Li Xun to get away.</p>
    <p>Ice Soul!</p>
    <p>Li Xuan's character was the number one Phantom Demon in Glory, Crying Devil. The Silver weapon in his hands Four Heavenly Wheels strengthened three elements, Fire, Ice, and Darkness. The glittering ice crystals swept over the darkness of Ghostblades. The cast time was extremely short too; the Ice Boundary was set down almost instantly.</p>
    <p>However, almost instant meant it wasn't instant. The moment the Ice Boundary started to form, Li Xuan saw a grenade at his feet.</p>
    <p>The grenade exploded. Crying Devil dodged it, but the Ice Boundary failed to be placed down. Li Xuan looked upwards and saw Dancing Rain's long hair and clothing fluttering in the wind at the top of the watchtower.</p>
    <p>She really is our nemesis! Li Xuan sighed, but...</p>
    <p>A shadow flickered past Crying Devil, practically the instant the grenade exploded. Ice crystals flowed from the tachi in his hands; it just wasn't as dazzling as Four Heavenly Wheels.</p>
    <p>Carved Ghost's weapon, Heavenly Crimson Lotus strengthened fire element skills. His Ice Boundary wasn't skilled very high either, so the ice crystals swirling around Heavenly Crimson Lotus didn't look as glamorous. Moreover, compared to Crying Devil, Carved Ghost's cast time was a bit slower. But at this moment, the phantom soul from Heavenly Crimson Lotus flew out, forming the Ice Boundary. The area surrounding Ghost Lantern froze into ice.</p>
    <p>Who could be more skilled at coordinating with boundaries than Void's Ghostblade duo? Whether it was each other's thoughts, habits, or characters, the two had reached the point of perfection. They no longer needed to speak to communicate.</p>
    <p>Crying Devil, the number one Phantom Demon, had just been cover. The one to actually lay down the Ice Boundary was Carved Ghost. In that instant, Void completed an extremely beautiful display of teamwork.</p>
    <p>How could Happy not retreat from an Ice Boundary?</p>
    <p>The threat of Carved Ghost's Ice Boundary might be slightly lower, but its effects couldn't be ignored.</p>
    <p>However, Happy didn't retreat.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Boundless Sea swung both his arms, creating a Qi Guard. This Ice Boundary had been blocked by it. The two opponents who fought intensely in the group arena once once again clashed in the team competition.</p>
    <p>The ice energy struck the Qi Guard, but the power of Carved Ghost's Ice Boundary was limited. It evidently could not break through Boundless Sea's Qi Guard. The skill used to try and save Ghost Lantern as soon as possible was blocked.</p>
    <p>Missing this opportunity, Ghost Lantern took more damage. Li Xuan's Crying Devil charged forward to place down another boundary, when he heard the whistle of missiles flying above his head. Dancing Rain let out all of her firepower towards the two Ghostblades.</p>
    <p>The two dodged, one to the left and the other to the right. They ignored Dancing Rain and continued to charge towards the encirclement. Ge Caijie's Blue Exorcist waved his hands and took out his scythe. Lightning descended from the sky and gathered on the scythe. He had clearly placed a Lightning Talisman on it.</p>
    <p>Qi Guard was unable to completely block this attack. A Soul Guidanced weapon had very high priority. It couldn't be blocked by a normal attack, but among the ones that could, another Soul Guidance was naturally included!</p>
    <p>Inside the encirclement, Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella left his hands and spun towards the scythe.</p>
    <p>The two skills collided. It could be seen that Lord Grim's Soul Guidance priority was slightly weaker. After all, he wasn't an Exorcist. However, this collision stopped Blue Exorcist's attack from reaching its desired location. Although it didn't completely block it, it helped the others in Happy dodge this attack.</p>
    <p>After this collision, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella was recalled back by Lord Grim and started hitting Ghost Lantern's head again. Along with a Fling, Ghost Lantern was thrown out. However, before Void could be happy about it, they saw that the others in Happy had prepared in advance for this toss and were already heading towards there. Ghost Lantern wasn't even able to land on the ground before Steamed Bun Invasion grabbed him with a Strangle.</p>
    <p>Happy focused their attacks, while moving with their target. Turning around the watchtower dumbfounded Void's Launcher. Yang Haoxuan had just been about to launch a Satellite Beam, but with this turn, he no longer had any vision of them. However, he wasn't able to stop himself in time and the Satellite Beam was still completed. In the end, it awkwardly landed on Carved Ghost's head, who was chasing after them. On the watchtower, Su Mucheng took advantage of this Satellite Beam and shot him tumbling with a Laser Beam.</p>
    <p>Carved Ghost and Crying Devil crossed each other and switched positions, while also using Ghost Step, which had gone off cooldown. The two characters sprinted, leaving afterimages behind them, but Happy suddenly caught them off guard.</p>
    <p>Shatter the Lands!</p>
    <p>Tang Rou's Soft Mist leapt high into the air and let loose a high-level skill.</p>
    <p>Who dared to take this skill head on? The two Ghostblades could only retreat. Soft Mist didn't continue fighting, after her attack got rid of them, she immediately went back to attack Ghost Lantern. Ta ta ta ta, Lord Grim fired a Gatling Gun to follow up. A shower of bullets spilled out happily.</p>
    <p>Void was having a headache!</p>
    <p>They thought that their Ghostblades, who specialised in controlling the field, would be able to quickly let Li Xun escape. Who would have thought that they would be forced into such a pitiful position. As a result, not only did they fail to rescue their teammate, they fell into a trap. They wouldn't be able to get a healer to support them in a short amount of time, but Happy? It was already Round 14. Everyone had seen Lord Grim suddenly wave his umbrella and cast a few heals before. No one would disregard his healing.</p>
    <p>"Retreat!"</p>
    <p>They had just yelled "Rescue!" and in the blink of an eye, it had turned into a "Retreat!" It couldn't be said that this was Li Xuan hesitating. The circumstances had changed. Seeing that rescuing wasn't working and fighting would be difficult, they could only let go of one of their players and save their own lives so they could fight another battle.</p>
    <p>Who would have thought that while Void had given up, Happy hadn't. Sensing Void's intentions, Happy abandoned Ghost Lantern and chased after them.</p>
  </body>
</html>
