<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1222: One Hit Certain Kill</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1222: One Hit Certain Kill</h1>
    <p>Heart-Piercing Stab!</p>
    <p>After the Leaping Blade was slapped aside, Ghost Lantern immediately followed with a Heart-Piercing Strike that stabbed towards Steamed Bun Invasion's chest.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion stepped diagonally to avoid it and swung his arm horizontally, latching onto Ghost Lantern's neck. Tiger Flips the Mountain.</p>
    <p>A huge amount of power surged forth, and Ghost Lantern was flipped into the air. However, a wound also appeared on Steamed Bun Invasion's waist.</p>
    <p>Mother and Child Stab!</p>
    <p>When Ghost Lantern had been thrown into the air by Tiger Flips the Mountain, Li Xun quickly sneaked in this attack.</p>
    <p>It was a trade, but Li Xun was very unhappy with the outcome.　　</p>
    <p>He was someone who liked one hit kills, and Life Risking Strike was an attack that traded health for health, so for him, his health was equivalent to damage. Health was an extraordinarily precious resource, so even though it was an even trade, in his eyes, he had lost out. Li Xun had his own idea of an acceptable trade, but this trade wasn't one.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun didn't care about Li Xun's feelings though. Mother and Child Stab didn't really do anything other than deal damage, so with Ghost Lantern in the air, Steamed Bun Invasion had the initiative. Steamed Bun wouldn't let go of this opportunity and continued his attacks. He leaped up with a Powerful Knee Strike, smashing his knee towards Ghost Lantern.</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Ghost Lantern simply jumped to the side while in the air and avoided the attack.　　</p>
    <p>Air Jump. Only Assassins, who had access to this passive skill, had the ability to jump in the air. Other classes could only jump once off the ground. With this double jump, Ghost Lantern dodged the Powerful Knee Strike and returned with a kick downwards towards Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>Diving Arrow!</p>
    <p>The Assassin skill, Diving Arrow, shared a few similarities with the Striker skill, Eagle Stamp. Diving Arrow didn't have as high of a priority, but it was far faster than Eagle Stamp. After the first kick connected, his two feet kicked him another four times in an instant, forcefully sending Steamed Bun Invasion flying to the side.</p>
    <p>For Assassins, as soon as a single hit connected, the following combo would be linked together extremely fast. After the Diving Arrow, Ghost Lantern suddenly left behind an afterimage, flickering to Steamed Bun Invasion's side and piercing him with his dagger.</p>
    <p>Flickering Stab!</p>
    <p>This Level 65 Assassin skill was a displacement skill, but it was rarely used as a movement skill because the displacement was extremely small. It was only one step, a distance of one unit. But this single step was no different than an instant movement. When an Assassin used Flickering Stab, he might originally have been in front of you, but the attack would come from the side. If the Assassin were to the side of you, then the stab might turn into a back attack. Hever, more often than not, the Assassin looked to still be one step away, when his dagger was already in your chest.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was hit once again. By this time, Ghost Lantern had landed back on the ground. He kicked upwards and struck Steamed Bun Invasion's ankle.　</p>
    <p>Ankle Break!</p>
    <p>It didn't deal much damage, but it lowered the target's movement speed by 30% for 5 seconds. During these 5 seconds, trying to escape from an Assassin's pursuit was nigh impossible.</p>
    <p>Splitting Water Stab, Heart Piercing Stab...</p>
    <p>All kinds of assassination skills struck Steamed Bun Invasion one after the other. Blood splattered onto the pine tree. In an instant, countless red spots appeared on the surface of the tree.</p>
    <p>This really is easy.</p>
    <p>Li Xun smirked. Team Void had obviously done their research on Steamed Bun's tendencies. He knew that from time to time, he would make an extremely unusual and surprising move, but under his fast and tight offense, it didn't matter what type of crazy imaginative tricks he had. If there aren't any openings, what can he do?</p>
    <p>Blade Storm!</p>
    <p>Li Xun used another high-level damage skill. Blood splattered even more crazily.</p>
    <p>That's enough.</p>
    <p>Li Xun thought to himself. With the Blade Storm, Steamed Bun Invasion was forced back by the momentum.　　</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion was under hit stun as he slid back, while Ghost Lantern also couldn't move due to the ending lag from Blade Storm. This sort of safe period was often built into high-level skills.</p>
    <p>However, players would always try to find a way to get around this safe period to seize the initiative.</p>
    <p>As a pro, Li Xun obviously had these thoughts as well. When he used his high-level skill, he had taken the terrain into consideration. The final stab sent Steamed Bun Invasion sliding backwards, but he would only slide back at most four units before slamming into the pine tree behind him, extending the stun by a tiny amount. More importantly, the distance between the two would stay close, only four units.</p>
    <p>This is more than enough!</p>
    <p>The experienced Li Xun laughed confidently. His Ghost Lantern used As the Shadow Follows.</p>
    <p>As the Shadow Follows was a high-level Assassin movement skill. The user didn't have much control over it though. After picking a location, the character would move at an extremely fast speed towards that location.</p>
    <p>As the Shadow Follows to close these four units of distance and then Life-Risking Strike!</p>
    <p>When he used As the Shadow Follows, he had thoroughly burned down his health. The damage dealt by this Life Risking Strike would be more than enough to instantly kill Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>An afterimage was left behind as Ghost Lantern moved three steps. One more step and Steamed Bun Invasion would be dead.</p>
    <p>Three steps might have been more ideal. This thought suddenly popped into Li Hua's mind. Because at this moment, he saw Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly move. The hit stun had ended. The extra stun from slamming into the tree hadn't been enough for Ghost Lantern to complete all four steps.</p>
    <p>Four steps might not be perfect, but it's enough.</p>
    <p>With just a distance of one step, what skill could be faster than As the Shadow Follows? Instant movement skill? Shadow Clone Technique? Substitution Technique? At this distance, there wouldn't be enough time to activate those skills, let alone the fact that Steamed Bun Invasion didn't have access to those skills.</p>
    <p>Li Xun loved to take risks, but he never lost his calm. Daring but careful was the reason why he was an outstanding pro player.</p>
    <p>One hit certain kill!</p>
    <p>Yes, one hit certain kill, but the one to be killed was...</p>
    <p>Li Xun looked flabbergasted at the afterimage left behind below the tree. He stared in astonishment at the Steamed Bun Invasion in front of him. The sharp claws on his fists were pierced through his Ghost Lantern's chest.</p>
    <p>Li Xun turned around to take a look.</p>
    <p>Within this one step, Ghost Lantern had moved one-third of a step, while Steamed Bun Invasion had moved two-thirds of a step.</p>
    <p>Thus, Steamed Bun Invasion's attack had been faster. That Life-Risking Strike had been prepared for after that two-thirds of a step.</p>
    <p>"Holy shit, I finally got a chance to use it," Li Xun saw Steamed Bun's message in the chat.</p>
    <p>Followed by: "Huh? How are you dead? My god, this skill's that powerful??"　　</p>
    <p>This skill's that powerful?</p>
    <p>As Li Xun's point of view fell along with Ghost Lantern, he saw that afterimage from below the tree disappear.</p>
    <p>Flickering Stab?</p>
    <p>Tooth for Tooth?</p>
    <p>How long has it been since I used Flickering Stab? He activated Tooth for Tooth at that time? After stealing the skill, he used it just a step before his death and then killed me instead?</p>
    <p>If it was Flickering Stab, then for a distance of one step, it was faster than As the Shadow Follows. If this had all been a part of Steamed Bun's plan then Li Xun would have been shocked at how terrifying he was, but seeing Steamed Bun's words, Li Xun could only feel that it was ridiculous. This match was ridiculous. I actually lost like this?</p>
    <p>What type of stupid luck was this!!</p>
    <p>Li Xun sat there in a daze for a long time. The referee had to come over and remind him.</p>
    <p>Li Xun walked out of the player booth. As for the crowd, there were traces of hesitation in their cheers. The problem was Steamed Bun's final words. If he hadn't said those words, everyone would have thought that he had planned everything, waiting there patiently for Li Xun to make his final move. But with those last words, the marvel of this spectacular play instantly disappeared. Everyone had the same thoughts as Li Xun: he won just like that?　　</p>
    <p>In any case, a win was a win. As Happy's supporters, there was no reason not to be happy about a win, right? Even if the win had been so comical and absurd that even the winner didn't really understand the situation. Speaking of which, this winner who didn't understand why he won seemed to be quite happy with this victory. After coming out of the player booth, he ran around the stage once.</p>
    <p>"Victory!!" Steamed Bun yelled.</p>
    <p>The crowd cheered and clapped.</p>
    <p>"10 to 1!" Steamed Bun shouted.</p>
    <p>10 to 1! Everyone echoed his words. But they soon had a realization. What the fuck was 10 to 1?</p>
    <p>Fortunately, Steamed Bun immediately noticed his mistake.　　</p>
    <p>"10 to 0!" he corrected himself.</p>
    <p>10 to 0! This time, there was no problem and everyone cheered.</p>
    <p>After running around in a circle, he bumped into Li Xun, who was coming down from the stage. He went over and extended his hands out without any signs of embarrasment.　</p>
    <p>"You played well!" Steamed Bun said.</p>
    <p>"You… you played well too," Li Xun said. In all honesty, he had wanted to say "you fucker," but the goddamn referee just happened to be nearby.</p>
    <p>"Keep trying," Steamed Bun patted him and then ran back to this team. As he passed Team Void, he waved at them. The Team Void players looked at one another, unsure what to do. Luckily, Steamed Bun quickly passed by them.</p>
    <p>After finally returning to his team's seats, Steamed Bun celebrated with everyone.</p>
    <p>"Mm, as long as you win, it's good," Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>For this match, it was too embarrassing to say that this win was due to Steamed Bun's crazy imagination… it could only be said that his Tooth for Tooth, which he had used on Flickering Stab for some inexplicable reason, gave Steamed Bun good luck.</p>
    <p>Yes, luck.</p>
    <p>The key factor to this win was luck. It was something that could eclipse hard work and talent: luck.</p>
    <p>"With this kind of luck, he could have probably won just lying down!" Wei Chen sighed.　</p>
    <p>These words were somewhat exaggerated, but it could be considered as a strong comment towards that fight.</p>
    <p>The loser on Void must be feeling very wronged, right? Ye Xiu looked towards Team Void. But then again, if Li Xun didn't like one hit kills, this sort of luck might not have happened.</p>
    <p>In the end, luck only worked when the differences in skill weren't that large. Lying down and winning would never actually happen.</p>
  </body>
</html>
