<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1423 -  Competing for First</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1423 -  Competing for First</h1>
    <p>Attack!</p>
    <p>Both teams attacked.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain, with the numbers advantage, played defensively. Happy, with the numbers disadvantage, played aggressively.</p>
    <p>Is that fine? Is Happy looking to kill themselves?</p>
    <p>Quite a few people had their doubts. But when they looked at the situation more closely, they discovered that it might not be the case.</p>
    <p>Because of Blue Rain’s tactical goal, Blue Rain looked increasingly uncomfortable facing Happy’s aggression. Even if they had an extra player, Happy’s reckless fighting negated the advantage. An extra player simply meant another target to attack, and wouldn’t that mean more overall damage? In the meantime, Happy was relying on their healer to hold on!</p>
    <p>Trying to suppress Happy’s offense through attacks would be even more difficult. Happy’s team composition needed to be taken into consideration.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui, the master of playing dirty.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng, the long ranged Launcher.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, the all-class expert. He wasn’t famous for his dirtiness, but his dirtiness wasn’t to be underestimated. Did you think he didn’t have a part in creating the dirty playstyle?</p>
    <p>Suppressing these three truly wouldn’t an easy task.</p>
    <p>Their reckless fighting was a huge a burden on their healer. It required excellent judgement, fast reactions, and exceptional timing to keep up with them.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi had talents but also weaknesses in these areas. Little Cold Hand’s new equipment helped make up for it to a certain extent, but having him take control of such a chaotic battlefield would be worrying for Happy.</p>
    <p>However, the current situation was rather favorable for him.</p>
    <p>Happy had a total of four players.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Launcher was a long-ranged Launcher. She wandered around the edges of the battlefield and didn’t come into contact with the center of it, so she received very little damage.</p>
    <p>As a result, An Wenyi only needed to take care of Lord Grim and Boundless Sea. Those two may be fighting recklessly, but since he didn’t need to take care of the usual four players like in a typical team fight, the burden on him was drastically reduced. For An Wenyi, looking after four players was worrying, but he was plenty confident in taking care of just two players.</p>
    <p>“What a wonderful detail!” Li Yibo discovered this point and immediately gave praise.</p>
    <p>A team like Happy’s was a blessing to the players. Even if you had weaknesses, the team could still make up for it and create a stage for you to perform brilliantly.</p>
    <p>“Speaking of which, this was originally Team Blue Rain’s specialty!” Li Yibo thought of this point.</p>
    <p>Yes, Team Blue Rain was a very player-inclusive team, a trait that gave them great flexibility. For most teams, when their important player left, they hoped to find a similar player with the same class and playstyle to fill in the gap, as to prevent the team’s tactical system from breaking apart. But Blue Rain? Blue Rain didn’t cling onto this idea.</p>
    <p>After Yu Feng left, everyone was wondering what Berserker player Blue Rain would find as a replacement. Instead, Blue Rain picked out a little Blade Master demon and announced that this kid was their most important transfer of the season. In the following seasons, Blue Rain remained as the mighty Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>Many players performed well in Blue Rain, but after leaving the team, they appeared mediocre. Lin Feng, who left Blue Rain for Wind Howl, was one such example.</p>
    <p>As a rather peculiar battle Thief, Lin Feng was a unique existence with quite a bit of fame in the Glory community. When discussing Thieves, after Fang Rui was Lin Feng.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had boldly chosen to change classes this season. Then, Lin Feng took his place in Wind Howl, inheriting the number one Thief character, Doubtful Demon. Many people thought that he would reach new heights, and the title of Number One Thief would easily be his. They believed that interest in the the battle Thief playstyle would soar due to Lin Feng’s new status.</p>
    <p>And the result?</p>
    <p>Despite having an All-Star level character, Lin Feng’s days in Wind Howl weren’t as prosperous as many had expected.</p>
    <p>Let alone his performance on stage, just the numbers showed a considerable decrease compared to his time in Team Blue Rain, despite having a more powerful character. In the past, Lin Feng had drawn quite a bit of attention. After leaving Team Blue Rain, he took control of a more powerful character, yet instead of a meteoric rise, he sunk into mediocrity.</p>
    <p>Team Blue Rain was a team that could give each player a stage to shine on. But from the looks of it, Happy could do the same. Even a lesser skilled player like An Wenyi could become Happy’s pillar of support.</p>
    <p>Perhaps in the beginning, Happy had been a newly formed grassroots team, so they had no other choice.</p>
    <p>But in the winter transfer season, Happy had the opportunity to find a better healer. At that time, Happy had an extraordinary win record, better than many teams not just by a little bit. Happy had such a glaring weakness too. Numerous healers from mid-tier and low-tier teams raised their heads, hoping Happy would recruit them and let them join this rising dark horse.</p>
    <p>But Happy chose not to!</p>
    <p>From the start of the winter transfer window to the end, Happy showed no intentions of doing so. After the winter break, Happy presented a full set of new equipment for Little Cold Hands, showing their trust in their rookie healer. Afterwards, this rookie healer proved that Happy’s trust in him was not unfounded. His performances gradually became steadier, and his role in the team gradually became clearer. The doubt towards him lessened day by day.</p>
    <p>In today’s match, when Windward Formation fell without any sort of help from his healer, even the home team fans felt dissatisfied with him. But soon afterwards, as the battle progressed, everyone realized that all of this had been part of Happy’s plan.</p>
    <p>When they saw An Wenyi, whose ability was often called into question, perfectly support Ye Xiu and Fang Rui, they began to understand the reasoning behind Happy’s arrangements.</p>
    <p>Perhaps it was somewhat cruel.</p>
    <p>If Windward Formation was still here, An Wenyi would have to split more of his attention to take care of him, and things might not go as smoothly for Happy.</p>
    <p>If the healer couldn’t keep up, the healer’s team would definitely be suppressed in a chaotic battle.</p>
    <p>This was an important note in this match.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain clearly had the numbers advantage, yet why were they feeling constrained? It was simple. It was because their healer could not keep up. Blue Rain’s Paladin, Soul Speaker, needed to conserve mana and could not support a full-on aggression.</p>
    <p>But under Happy’s threat, it would not be good if Soul Speaker didn’t take up more of a burden.</p>
    <p>“Attack their healer!” Yu Wenzhou finally ordered, adjusting Blue Rain’s strategy.</p>
    <p>Happy’s healer might not be the best, but he was more than good enough to support two characters.An Wenyi’s mastery of timing and Little Cold Hand’s critical heals were a big blow to Blue Rain’s strategy.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan wasn’t a spirited player in the first place. After shooting a few bullets, a holy light would shine and his target’s health would go up instead of down. It was truly disheartening.</p>
    <p>This sort of trade isn’t favorable for us!</p>
    <p>Because of Su Mucheng’s long range and the craftiness of Ye Xiu and Fang Rui, Blue Rain’s numbers advantage was stifled. At this moment, their only point of breakthrough was Happy’s healer. He was the one supporting Happy. Directly attacking him would be more effective usage of Blue Rain’s numbers advantage.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian, the opportunist, had been ready to attack Happy’s healer. When Yu Wenzhou gave the order, he just happened to have found a good opportunity. He Triple Slashed to open up a path, and Troubling Rain immediately made his way over.</p>
    <p>Crash!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella instantly opened up in front of him, blocking his way.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain’s sword did not fall. The second slash flashed out, moving horizontally across the umbrella. The half step gave him a new angle, and he went for it with the Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Dong!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s Myriad Manifestations Umbrella moved across again, ready to block the Triple Slash. But Troubling Rain had already switched moves to guard against it. Wasn’t that also an attack? Troubling Rain used Guard, blocking the attack. The self-knockback from Guard sent Troubling Rain outwards.</p>
    <p>Turn around, Colliding Stab!</p>
    <p>It was a Berserker low-level skill, so Troubling Rain could obviously learn it. The damage wasn’t important. It was a movement skill, so every player regarded it as an important skill to learn. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had also learned this skill. It was a frequently used movement skill in his arsenal.</p>
    <p>In a trail of smoke, Troubling Rain dashed towards Little Cold Hands. The other members of Blue Rain had also seen Yu Wenzhou’s order and coordinated with Huang Shaotian. Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud moved in front of Lord Grim, stopping Lord Grim from pursuing Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>However, Ye Xiu ignored the intercept. Lord Grim leaped backwards and instantly rushed out with three movement skills. His target, Soul Speaker!</p>
    <p>Trade?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s intentions once again surprised everyone.</p>
    <p>“Is Happy planning on trading their healer for Blue Rain’s?” Pan Lin cried out.</p>
    <p>“This… I really don’t understand!” A rare moment from Li Yibo, who hadn’t made any mistakes yet for this match. He directly acknowledged that he didn’t understand Happy’s intentions.</p>
    <p>Yes, who could understand it?</p>
    <p>Happy held the advantage despite the numbers disadvantage, and it was all because of their healer.</p>
    <p>Their healer had an abundance of mana, while their opponent’s healer had used up a lot of mana. This difference had come from Happy’s many set-ups, obtained from sacrificing Wei Chen’s Windward Formation. This should have been their key to victory</p>
    <p>On the other hand, Blue Rain had their hands tied because of their healer. But with Happy having their healer as well, Blue Rain could not abandon their own healer. This situation was good for them though. Happy was unexpectedly not going to rescue their healer and instead attacking Blue Rain’s. Wasn’t this trade beneficial to Blue Rain?</p>
    <p>By sacrificing Wei Chen, Happy gained the upper hand. It was a beautiful play from Happy.</p>
    <p>But this time, supposing that Happy completed this trade, it would be a beautiful win for Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>And this beautiful win for Blue Rain would come from Happy’s own hands.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo wasn’t the only one who couldn’t understand it. Blue Rain didn’t either.</p>
  </body>
</html>
