<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 235 – Bet</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 235 – Bet</h1>
    <p>Lord Grim disappeared shortly after.</p>
    <p>Seeing that Zhang Xinjie’s Endless Night wasn’t moving, Jiang You and the others didn’t go and chase. All they could do was helplessly move their characters over to Endless Night’s side.</p>
    <p>Even though none of them had died this time, the outcome was completely different than what they had expected. When Lord Grim was hit by Sacred Fire, they all thought that the situation was already set. They were all exclaiming how different it was to have a true expert help them. But in the end, two traps had turned over the double Sacred Fire situation and Lord Grim had escaped. From this point of view, the winner was still Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Jiang You and the others couldn’t help but feel dejected when they heard Zhang Xinjie say: “The weapon in his hands didn’t seem to have changed forms.”</p>
    <p>A voice from outside of the game came: “He wasn’t holding his original weapon. That’s the Nightwalker class Level 30 Purple weapon, Twin Tailed Swords.”</p>
    <p>The one who spoke was Endless Night. He played in the new server, so Endless Night was very knowledgeable about equipment at this level. It didn’t matter what class the weapon was from, he could recognize it.</p>
    <p>“Purple weapon?” The others repeated it back.</p>
    <p>From when Lord Grim first appeared to his escape, the entire battle hadn’t even taken a minute. They hadn’t yet had time to reflect on the details of the battle. Endless Night, who hadn’t been playing, had seen everything clearly. He had been standing behind Zhang Xinjie and Zhang Xinjie hadn’t done much in the battle besides giving commands. The only time he really did anything else was when he used Sacred Fire. His character’s camera constantly shifted to observe each player’s situation. Having a general outlook of the field was an important skill for Clerics to have. Endless Night hadn’t even watched for a minute, but already felt like he had gained a lot.</p>
    <p>“Oh, that guy fought all throughout the night yesterday and hadn’t had the chance to return back to the city. My guess is that his weapon is running out of Durability.” Jiang You thought for a bit and then said. His guess was quite on point.</p>
    <p>“So it’s like that.” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>“How unlucky. If it wasn’t for those two traps…….” The Striker gloomily said. In this battle, he had been the most unfortunate. The blood from the Cut Throat made his character look miserable and the Poison from the trap had only just wore off.</p>
    <p>“If the Gunner had been a bit faster, then he wouldn’t have had the chance to put down those two traps.” Zhang Xinjie quickly said.</p>
    <p>“Uh……” The Sharpshooter didn’t know what to say.</p>
    <p>“The Cleric’s Sacred Fire was half a second early. The Mage initiated just a bit too slowly.” Zhang Xinjie continued.</p>
    <p>Jiang You and the Cleric were silent.</p>
    <p>“The Striker likes to punch while moving fast…… but he needs to work on his accuracy.”</p>
    <p>“Oh…..” The Striker replied.</p>
    <p>Of the team of five, four of them had been called out by Zhang Xinjie. They couldn’t help but shudder when they thought of what would have happened to them if they had partied with the team captain Han Wenqing. If all of these mistakes had led to Lord Grim escaping, they’d probably have been bombarded by the team captain’s shouts already.</p>
    <p>“Then what should we do next?” Jiang You and the others felt like they didn’t have the ability to stop Lord Grim, so they didn’t have any suggestions to make. Right now, with Zhang Xinjie, they took the chance to ask for his advice. There was clearly no way Zhang Xinjie could continue to accompany them and waste his time on Lord Grim. He had only said he would “take a look”, so he was probably done looking around by now. What would the vice-captain suggest? Jiang You looked forward to his answer.</p>
    <p>“The main conflict is the competition for the dungeon records. If we keep fighting like this, then all we’re doing is wasting each other’s time and effort. There’s nothing good that will come from it.” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>“Yeah!” Jiang You hastily replied.</p>
    <p>“That’s why I made a deal with him. Tonight, we’ll go to the Arena and do a 5v5 team competition. If we win, they won’t touch the records set by Tyrannical Ambition.</p>
    <p>“Ah! Really?’ Jiang You exclaimed happily.</p>
    <p>‘But he has conditions on his side too. I’ll send you it. See if you can accept it.” Zhang Xinjie said and sent Lord Grim’s message to Jiang You. The final decision had to be done by Jiang You, since Jiang You was the person in charge of the guild.</p>
    <p>Jiang You looked at the stakes. Eight Scarlet Scorpion Tails, eight Scarlet Stingers, a Scarlet Illusion Blade, forty Sandworm Silk. So familiar! Wasn’t this list very similar to the one that Lord Grim had given when Cold Night went to negotiate with Lord Grim over Line Canyon? But, it was a bit different compared to last time.</p>
    <p>Amber Crystal! Lord Grim hadn’t included an Amber Crystal this time, which was originally the most valuable item. Which means……. Could the Cliff Ronin Alpine have dropped an Amber Crystal? Now that he has it, he doesn’t need it? F*ck!</p>
    <p>But if the other side has it already, then the stakes were a lot lower. Jiang You thought as he said: “Yeah, I can accept these conditions……..”</p>
    <p>“Hold on. I haven’t sent everything yet.” Zhang Xinjie sent another message. Jiang You looked at it and fell even more depressed. The stakes hadn’t lowered one bit. With the new message, there was another list of uncommon materials, which equalled in value to an Amber Crystal.</p>
    <p>Jiang You cursed at Lord Grim and then closed the message.</p>
    <p>“So he said that if we win, then they won’t touch any of our Tyrannical Ambition records ever again?” Jiang You asked Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>“Yes. That was the agreement.” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>“Then I can accept these conditions.” Jiang You said, “I’m just afraid he won’t uphold the agreement!”</p>
    <p>“It’s not like we’ll lose much if we win the team competition, no?”</p>
    <p>“That’s true.” Jiang You nodded his head and pondered silently. Endless Night, who was behind them, stood out and said: “You can trust Lord Grim. There hasn’t been any crazy records recently.”</p>
    <p>“Really?’ Jiang You saw Lord Grim as evil and deceitful. Hiding for a half and an hour to steal their BOSS, sneakily setting up two traps, just looking at these two events, Jiang You wasn’t able to see Lord Grim as anyone trustworthy.</p>
    <p>“We can tell the whole world of the bet. That way, if he goes back on his word, everyone will know and no one will ever trust him again.” Someone suggested.</p>
    <p>“Hm…….” Jiang You hesitated and looked at Zhang Xinjie. He really wanted to know how confident Zhang Xinjie was in the team competition, but asking him would mean that he would be questioning Zhang Xinjie’s skill. Should I ask or not……</p>
    <p>Telling the whole world of the bet was a double-edged sword! Didn’t the Poplar Beach massacre just happen? He lost so badly that he was too afraid of playing again. If they lost this fight, then the players participating wouldn’t be the only ones losing face, but the entire guild. It’d be even worse than Poplar Beach.</p>
    <p>“Vice-captain Zhang, what do you think of our chances of winning?’ Jiang You decided to ask him.</p>
    <p>“If we’re going by individual strength, Lord Grim’s skill level is certainly above yours, which is why I asked for a team competition. Team competitions require strategy, coordination, and a team synergy. You said that Lord Grim’s team have only just recently been formed, while you guys have been playing for a long time together. In terms of synergy, isn’t it obvious who has the advantage? Their individual ability might be their advantage, but we are a better team.” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>“We don’t completely lose in individual strength! We still have you, vice-captain!” The Striker said.</p>
    <p>Everyone chuckled, but Zhang Xinjie shook his head: “In a team competition, controlling each individual’s tempo and coordination is more important. You must be calm. Blindly showing off your strength will only seem out of place. Coming apart from the team’s tempo will only lead to you being the team’s weakness.”</p>
    <p>The Striker’s flattery hadn’t gone well. Jiang You didn’t pay attention to all this. Even after saying so much, Zhang Xinjie only told them of their advantages. He didn’t say what their chances were exactly. Jiang You wanted a direct answer. Zhang Xinjie continued to speak though: “In any case, as long as it is a competition, there is no way of knowing the odds completely. I can only say that in theory, we have a higher winning chance. If not, then I wouldn’t have directly asked to bet with Lord Grim.”</p>
    <p>“Alright! Then I’ll agree to the bet. We can talk about the other details later!” Jiang You decided. Now it was just a matter of whether he should announce the bet to the world. That, he’d have to consider some more!</p>
  </body>
</html>
