<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1251: Do as Promised</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1251: Do as Promised</h1>
    <p>As expected...</p>
    <p>The situation did not stray from Song Qiying's expectations. Ever since Zeng Xinran took a risk in using Powerful Knee Strike to break the stability of the situation, Song Qiying had been expecting such a circumstance. Ye Xiu had given Delillo a beating, taking advantage of the fact that Song Qiying's Striker would still need a while to arrive, and had then beat a hasty retreat.</p>
    <p>Zeng Xinran was flushed with anger and embarrassment. Even though he might've been facing a God, getting tricked so easily by a Shadow Clone was unacceptable. He had gotten too excited; calm down! Zeng Xinran took a deep breath.</p>
    <p>Zeng Xinran immediately calmed down, but his partner, Song Qiying, who was always telling him to not rush, seemed to lose control. River Sunset charged recklessly at Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>"Hey, slow down!" This time, it was Zeng Xinran who warned Song Qiying.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying didn't know if he should cry or laugh. These things depended on the situation! Speeding up or slowing down, that was all about the appropriate pacing at the time. There was no such thing as always going slow and steady or fast and hard. His Striker had gotten this rare chance to close in on Lord Grim, one he hadn't had yet in this match. If he slowed down now, then wasn't that letting this opportunity escape? How could he slow down now? On the contrary, you should pull yourself together and go on the offensive. Your Brawler is still in attack range!</p>
    <p>It was just unfortunate that Zeng Xinran was calming himself down. He calmly watched Lord Grim run away, calmly watched River Sunset charge, and calmly told Song Qiying to calm down.</p>
    <p>"This is an opportunity!!" Song Qiying really didn't know what to say anymore. It wasn't like he could give this guy a lecture on how, precisely, to act in such a situation.</p>
    <p>God! He was a pro player. Why was his Glory IQ so low? Wasn't his ability to read the situation just a little too low?</p>
    <p>At Song Qiying's shout, Zeng Xinran finally reacted. This really wasn't a time to stop attacking! River Sunset had gotten this golden opportunity to finally close in. This was the closest they had gotten to Lord Grim. Why did he… stop?</p>
    <p>Delillo hurriedly readjusted himself. Though he was now behind River Sunset, he had quite a few mid-ranged attacks. A brick was already flying out with deadly precision, but Ye Xiu wasn't dead. Lord Grim turned his body, dodging.</p>
    <p>Soaring Tiger!</p>
    <p>Song Qiying was glad that Zeng Xinran finally cleared his head. This attack was a little late, but it finally arrived, at least. As Lord Grim moved to dodge, River Sunset flew forwards with Soaring Tiger. This level 60 ultimate activated swiftly. River Sunset shot forwards feet first towards Lord Grim, arriving in front of the other in the blink of an eye. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>This was an ultimate, an ultimate which Lord Grim's low leveled skills would have trouble facing off against. This attack came suddenly, furiously, right as Lord Grim moved to dodge the Brick. Song Qiying's timing was extremely precise.</p>
    <p>It was just unfortunate that this skill was, in the end, a little too late. Zeng Xinran's self-calming had cost them the opportune moment. Their attempt at making up for it wasn't good enough. Lord Grim finished dodging the Brick and then sidestepped again, avoiding the Soaring Tiger, too.</p>
    <p>However, River Sunset had finally come in front of Lord Grim. Yet this wasn't an alleyway with only two ways to run. If you spun 360 degrees, which way wasn't forwards? Lord Grim swerved away from River Sunset's direction and continued to run.</p>
    <p>Still want to run?</p>
    <p>River Sunset's Soaring Tiger hadn't ended, but he had finally managed to close in on Lord Grim. Lord Grim was finally within attack range, and how could Song Qiying let Lord Grim pull away again?</p>
    <p>Fling!</p>
    <p>River Sunset reached out towards Lord Grim with both his hands. Lord Grim hurriedly jumped backwards and River Sunset missed. However, he then bent his elbow, stepping forwards, fist flung out.</p>
    <p>Straight Punch!</p>
    <p>The punch following the Fling was headed towards Lord Grim's chest, but...</p>
    <p>Sword Draw!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim didn't dodge, but unsheathed his sword and countered. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Which was faster, Sword Draw or Straight Punch? No one could see clearly. All they knew was that River Sunset's fist hit Lord Grim's chest while a splash of blood was flicked into the air as the blade swept past. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>River Sunset stumbled backwards. Sword Draw's momentum wasn't completely negligible. But Lord Grim? His sword had already been retracted and the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella was set in front of his chest. Utilizing the momentum from the Straight Punch, Lord Grim would be able to fly back a significant distance if he followed with an Aerial Cannon. Did Song Qiying miscalculate? Should he not have used Straight Punch? </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>No, that wasn't so.</p>
    <p>If it was one versus one, then his choice of attack would simply be pushing away a target he had worked hard to close in on. However, this wasn't a one on one. Lord Grim, having pushed away, wanted to use this chance to run, but Zeng Xinran's Delillo had already arrived. He wasn't so stupid that he didn't know what he should do. Delillo had rushed forwards to block Lord Grim's escape route. His hands stretched out, throwing a Fling out at Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu suddenly activate this skill, forcing Lord Grim, who was still airborne, to turn. Delillo hit air, hurrying to follow up with another attack. Yet, Lord Grim had already turned around and knocked Delillo into bending over with a Knee Strike.</p>
    <p>This was a Brawler skill, yet it was now used on the Brawler Delillo. Zeng Xinran was angered, but he wasn't given a chance to counterattack. After the Knee Strike, Lord Grim used Fling and picked him up, tossing him at River Sunset.</p>
    <p>Zeng Xinran seemed like he had been bullied again, but his task was complete. He had successfully hindered Lord Grim, who had planned on fleeing with Aerial Cannon. River Sunset was already charging forth, dodging the tossed over Delillo and swinging his fists.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry!</p>
    <p>Shockingly, Song Qiying activated this powerful skill. River Sunset punched and kicked, leaving afterimages in his wake, fiercely charging towards Lord Grim</p>
    <p>But that was when the figure in his line of sight blurred and Lord Grim somehow vanished.</p>
    <p>What?</p>
    <p>Song Qiying was shocked. In the next moment, River Sunset's waist had been grabbed. He was raised up then thrown backwards, smashed onto the ground upside down. Ferocious Tiger Flurry's powerful strikes were immediately brought to as halt.</p>
    <p>Song Qiying was befuddled. How did Lord Grim suddenly get behind him?</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique? There was no clone though!</p>
    <p>Teleportation? It didn't seem like it. Lord Grim had blurred away as if he had used some sort of movement technique to get behind. However, there wasn't a single skill in any of the 24 classes that would let a character immediately get behind another character!</p>
    <p>Yes, there was no such skill, which was why Lord Grim had actually used two skills in that moment.</p>
    <p>Charge, Shining Cut.</p>
    <p>These two low level skills, a Knight skill and an Assassin skill, were often used as movement skills despite being offensive skills. However, many people only realized this when the screen showed a slow motion playback.</p>
    <p>This was because it had all happened too fast. These two skills had been used by Ye Xiu to move Lord Grim, but he had only moved two steps.</p>
    <p>One step to River Sunset's side, then another behind.</p>
    <p>Using two skills to achieve this movement in such a small area… What precise mechanics, what swift hand speed!</p>
    <p>The entire audience was stunned, even the pro player stands were filled with shocked faces.</p>
    <p>How high had his APM gone in that moment?</p>
    <p>Many people had wandered to this thought. However, the screen didn't show the calculations for this burst of speed like it usually would. Could it be that he was so fast that the system couldn't process it anymore?</p>
    <p>Even more shocked faces appeared. As for Lord Grim's retreat, no one cared about that anymore. Everyone still had their heads raised towards the screen, watching the continuous replay of Lord Grim completing the two steps with Charge and Shining Cut.</p>
    <p>This was practically supernatural...</p>
    <p>The entire venue sunk into silence. Even the Tyranny fans, who never liked Ye Xiu, were unable to offer any boos in that moment.</p>
    <p>"What is this?" Discussion soon erupted amongst the pro players from Rookies to Gods, everyone was exchanging opinions.</p>
    <p>"In reality, it's just a Z-Shake," Blue Rain's Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>"Just?" Yu Wenzhou smiled.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian stopped speaking.</p>
    <p>Of course he couldn't use "just". Managing to execute these two skills in two steps. If it was him...</p>
    <p>"Don't forget, it isn't just unleashing the two skills and moving his character for him." Yu Wenzhou seemed to know that Huang Shaotian was comparing this to himself and reminded him. "There's also the mechanics required to switch the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella's form."</p>
    <p>Yes, one was a Knight's Charge, Priest class; one was an Assassin's Shining Cut, Nightwalker class. If the weapon wasn't switched, there was no way to execute the two skills.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian's complexion went a little off. Could he do it? He suddenly didn't feel like pursuing such an answer.</p>
    <p>"Z-Shake, hm…" Tiny Herb's Wang Jiexi had also figured out the foundation of this technique.</p>
    <p>"In the end, he really does still use the crudest style!" Wang Jiexi exclaimed. The Tiny Herb members around him were all looking at each other.</p>
    <p>Z-Shake, a basic movement technique, but in such a space, using these two skills to accomplish it was… This was skill beyond supernatural talent.</p>
    <p>The pro players were all wondering in their hearts if they could accomplish this or not.</p>
    <p>As for the match?</p>
    <p>Who would pursue the results of a match that not many people cared about in the first place? What everyone was interested in was if Ye Xiu would do any more shocking maneuvers.</p>
    <p>The only ones who would care about the results were probably just those Tyranny fans who hated Ye Xiu. They hoped that Ye Xiu, who had said he'd fight one on two, would lose the match and lose face.</p>
    <p>In the end, it really was as they had hoped for. Song Qiying and Zeng Xinran really did end up winning in this two on one.</p>
    <p>Booing sounded, but it was very weak. This was because many people could tell that Ye Xiu was clearly not giving it his all in the latter half of the match. This allowed Song Qiying and Zeng Xinran to grasp the advantage and claim victory.</p>
    <p>Yes, they had gasped the advantage later. That meant, in the first half, Ye Xiu had the advantage despite fighting one against two.</p>
    <p>If he continued that way, then what would be the result? Everyone knew, including Song Qiying and Zeng Xinran.</p>
    <p>This kind of victory was nothing to be proud of.</p>
    <p>"Senior really did go easy on us." Song Qiying pointed this out directly, seeming to have a problem with it.　</p>
    <p>"Pro players should always do as promised. I said I'd throw the match, so I had to!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
