<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1473 - Learning from the Opponent</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1473 - Learning from the Opponent</h1>
    <p>Dadadadadada…</p>
    <p>The sound of the Rotor Wing was clearly transmitted to everyone’s ears. To Blue Rain’s people, it sounded like cruel, mocking laughter.</p>
    <p>The situation had gotten to this kind of unsaveable point. Soul Speaker was abducted into the wind zone by those two Fighters, and Lord Grim was using Rotor Wing to fly that way as well.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain was a long-range attacker, standing at relatively safe position, and An Wenyi had also long since controlled Little Cold Hands to circle around from afar, preemptively destroying any thought Blue Rain might have had at a healer exchange.</p>
    <p>There was no other way.</p>
    <p>Only one path was left to Blue Rain – enter the wind zone, against the wind.</p>
    <p>But as the ones who had chosen this map, Blue Rain knew better than anyone else how unfavorable fighting upwind in this gale wind zone would be. Would knowing the disadvantages allow them to avoid the risk? Things clearly weren’t that simple.</p>
    <p>But facing such a severe situation, Blue Rain didn’t panic. In their chat, message after message from Captain Yu Wenzhou jumped onto the screen.</p>
    <p>Crippled hands, that was only relative. Crippled hands in the professional circle would still be at the top among ordinary gamers.</p>
    <p>The instructions were methodically issued, and without any hesitation, Blue Rain’s players began following directions.</p>
    <p>Fighting directly upwind absolutely could not work. Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan, one left and one right, circled around from the two sides, echoing the hook Fang Rui had taken at the very beginning. They couldn’t leave the center path empty either, though. Lu Hanwen’s greatsword Blade Master Flowing Cloud took charge. But the true main attacker of this arrangement was Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>Curses. Only Swoksaar’s curses wouldn’t be affected by the gales. That was to say, he himself suffered no disadvantages from fighting upwind.</p>
    <p>And so Swoksaar immediately began to cast. Every second they were slow here, their healer Soul Speaker would take one more second of attack. Doubt, hesitation, consideration, none of that belonged to Blue Rain right now. The guidelines to their actions right now consisted of only one word: fast.</p>
    <p>Quickly disrupt them from the front, quickly have two characters circle around from the left and right.</p>
    <p>Happy, of course, wouldn’t sit and watch Blue Rain arrange their pincer formation.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain opened fire first, aiming her cannon at Swoksaar. Su Mucheng was always closely paying attention to the movements of the character that Yu Wenzhou controlled.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The shell exploded, but Swoksaar continued casting, uninterrupted. Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud had stepped up, using his greatsword Flame Shadow to directly knock aside the shell.</p>
    <p>The shell exploded upon impact. Swoksaar was perfectly protected, and Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud had only suffered a little bit of damage from the airflow of the explosion.</p>
    <p>But this one moment of cover clearly wasn’t enough. What Yu Wenzhou was controlling Swoksaar to cast evidently wasn’t one of the small spells that could be completed in an instant.</p>
    <p>It’s all up to me!</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen, this child player who had joined the Alliance at age fourteen and who hadn’t yet reached age sixteen, was already incredibly used to taking up this kind of heavy responsibility on the battlefield.</p>
    <p>From day one of Blue Rain lifting him into the first-string roster, they dropped him in this position. And this was what had formerly been Yu Feng’s position, bold and ringing, the head of Blue Rain’s train.</p>
    <p>A fledgling child became Team Blue Rain’s attack leader. In the beginning, many people didn’t understand Blue Rain’s arrangement, and even called it insane.</p>
    <p>But Lu Hanwen’s performance swiftly silenced those voices. Looking at him, some even saw the Alliance’s shining future.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen himself never thought that much. In the beginning, he was just excited at being able to stand onstage, a pure and simple excitement.</p>
    <p>A burden to shoulder? The expectations of too many people? All that a fourteen-year-old child could feel of these things was haziness.</p>
    <p>No one deliberately pointed these out to him, and so, in this haze, Lu Hanwen began his professional career. He won in this haze, he lost in this haze; he cried in this haze, he laughed in this haze. And thus gradually, the haze dissipated, and he began to sense that standing on the battlefield wasn’t merely a proof of ability, but an inheritance of responsibility and obligation.</p>
    <p>He needed to inherit all that the Blue Rain players who had stood in this position before him had carried.</p>
    <p>The fourteen-year-old child didn’t retreat at all. It was as though he had found a new and intriguing toy, as he began to taste this all.</p>
    <p>But this certainly was no toy. This was certainly much heavier than a child’s imagination. And for this, Lu Hanwen had cried the tears of regret.</p>
    <p>The tears washed over him, allowing him to grow. Even though he was only in his teens, Lu Hanwen was a true man. Every time he cried, he only became stronger and more determined.</p>
    <p>And now, he carried this upon his shoulders, with no turning back. He was no longer in the haziness of before. He had the courage, he had the faith to carry this all.</p>
    <p>It’s up to me!</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen firmly told himself. He did not want to again spill tears of regret after playoffs.</p>
    <p>Flowing Cloud closely guarded Swoksaar. He didn’t miss any attack angle that could potentially interrupt Swoksaar’s casting. At this moment, there were no seniors to help him. It was all up to him.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom.</p>
    <p>In the end, the person most focused on this area was still Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>After the attack that Lu Hanwen had blocked, Dancing Rain unleashed the three shots of an Anti-Tank Missile.</p>
    <p>Three shots in a row, it’ll be difficult…</p>
    <p>But, I can’t miss a single one!</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen welcomed this challenge. Flowing Cloud stepped forward, and his sword slashed out.</p>
    <p>A greatsword wasn’t as nimble as a lightsaber. Flowing Cloud’s slash was heavy, unchanging, but the character’s position, the timing of the attack, the character attacking, were all controlled extremely well.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>First shot.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Second shot.</p>
    <p>The blade flashed forward, breaking two of the shots, and then stopped in the air.</p>
    <p>Boom! The third shot exploded.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen had incredible eyesight and reaction speed. This, he had just displayed in the hazy forest of the group arena. But this one slash detonating all three cannon shots still incited a full stadium of applause.</p>
    <p>But it wasn’t over yet!</p>
    <p>In the wind zone, Fang Rui and Steamed Bun were fighting 2v1 against a healer, how busy could they be? Seeing that Yu Wenzhou was coming to disrupt hem head-on, they prepared for the enemy. And seeing that someone was guarding him, even blocking the cannonfire from Dancing Rain, they of course would cooperate to attack him.</p>
    <p>Qi Bullet!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea’s palm pushed forward.</p>
    <p>Interrupting a skill didn’t need a lot of damage, as long as the skill was fast enough. For a Qi Master, a Qi Bullet could be sent out with one push, so of course it was the most convenient choice for this.</p>
    <p>But this kind of low-damage skill was much appreciated by the one guarding Swoksaar. Lu Hanwen had just finished dealing with Su Mucheng’s attack when he saw Boundless Sea slapping a Qi Bullet in this direction. Without even thinking, Flowing Cloud stepped to Swoksaar’s other side and directly used his body to block the Qi Bullet.</p>
    <p>A lowest-level skill, how much damage could there be!</p>
    <p>“Damnit!” Fang Rui wasn’t polite as he expressed his frustration in the match chat.</p>
    <p>These disruptive attacks were all blocked by Lu Hanwen. But Swoksaar still hadn’t finished casting, so his duty was yet unfinished. Both sides readied more attacks, and on another side, An Wenyi wasn’t idling around either. Little Cold Hands joined as well, lifting her cross, facing Swoksaar, and swinging it left and right like a pendulum.</p>
    <p>Hypnosis!</p>
    <p>An Wenyi, taking advantage of the fact that no one was disrupting him on his end, actually also began a very intensive spell. He was trying to get Swoksaar to stop his work entirely.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen saw it, but he really could do nothing about it. A Cleric’s Hypnosis had a long cast time, so if he wanted to stop it, he had to do it now. If the interrupt wasn’t successful, then it would land upon the target with 100% guarantee. But Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud wasn’t any long-ranged attacker, and An Wenyi had quite cunningly positioned Little Cold Hands in a position that wasn’t nearby. Interrupting Little Cold Hands was truly outside the range of Lu Hanwen’s ability.</p>
    <p>Was this it?</p>
    <p>Was he once again unable to help the team in their most dire moments?</p>
    <p>Gunshot!</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands’ swinging of the cross instantly stopped.</p>
    <p>The interrupt was successful, and there was only one person on Blue Rain’s side who could use Gunner attacks, Zheng Xuan.</p>
    <p>In the team round, you are never alone on the battlefield.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen thought of his captain’s words, and felt fortunate, felt proud. Their Blue Rain was just this kind of team, accepting the unmotivated Zheng Xuan, accepting the chatterbox Huang Shaotian, accepting the slow-handed captain. And he, this fledgling, inexperienced kid, wasn’t he also accepted by everyone?</p>
    <p>Accepting each other, covering each other’s weaknesses, Blue Rain came together into a cohesive whole. When Lu Hanwen lamented that he wasn’t enough, his teammate easily helped him take care of the problem.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan helped Lu Hanwen deal with this problem, and Lu Hanwen himself was still helping his captain deal with a problem.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan succeeded, and so, shortly after, he succeeded as well.</p>
    <p>The cast was complete.</p>
    <p>Purple-black light flashed at the tip of the scepter.</p>
    <p>Death’s Door!</p>
    <p>With such a long cast time, the audience had guessed early on what this skill probably was. And now that Swoksaar had finally completed the cast, nothing could stop it.</p>
    <p>Death’s Door, erected into the void, didn’t suffer any disruption from the wind zone. The Death’s Door and the gale were like two dimensionally-separate objects encountering each other, but each existing in its own world, unable to interact with each other.</p>
    <p>It and the wind were on separate dimensions, but with Boundless Sea, with Steamed Bun Invasion, with Lord Grim, it was on the same plane.</p>
    <p>And so when a character crashed into the Death’s Door, it immediately unleashed all of its demonic power, attempting to swallow this guy into nothingness.</p>
    <p>Of course, it couldn’t actually swallow this character, this was just how the skill would deal its final damage. Under the gazes of the silent and shocked audience, the Death’s Door trembled, and along with the character that had crashed into it, shattered into a mess of purple-black light and shadow.</p>
    <p>The Death’s Door vanished. What shocked everyone was that such a fast method of dealing with the Death’s Door was the exact same method that Yu Wenzhou had used in the last team round, against Wei Chen’s Death’s Door.</p>
    <p>In this match, Happy had already learned and copied it.</p>
  </body>
</html>
