<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1040: This Again</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1040: This Again</h1>
    <p>How fast!</p>
    <p>Seeing One Autumn Leaf suddenly turn around and then the famed spear Evil Annihilation flash in front of his eyes, Wu Chen only had this single thought in his mind.</p>
    <p>He was just an average player. He didn't have crazy reaction speeds nor insane hand speed. This type of attack was truly hard for him to defend against. He had been carefully maintaining his distance the entire time, but at this moment, One Autumn Leaf was too close. He leaped back in panic while simultaneously preparing to use Aerial Fire, but he felt like it was already too late.</p>
    <p>Ding!</p>
    <p>A clinging noise sounded.　</p>
    <p>The sounds of two weapons clashing felt so real. A scarlet spear stabbed forward and blocked the black Evil Annihilation.</p>
    <p>So he's here!</p>
    <p>The instant he blocked, Sun Xiang unconsciously thought that he was facing Ye Xiu. The only player in Team Happy that he had his eyes on was Ye Xiu. In his eyes, Ye Xiu was the only one qualified to block his attacks.</p>
    <p>But unfortunately, in the next second, Sun Xiang saw his opponent clearly, Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang felt somewhat annoyed.</p>
    <p>If it were Ye Xiu's Lord Grim, he might have stopped for a bit to fight him, but seeing that it was Soft Mist, he resolved himself to carry out Xiao Shiqin's orders and take Dawn Rifle out of the match.</p>
    <p>At this moment, a stream of fire flowed out from Soft Mist's scarlet spear towards One Autumn Leaf.</p>
    <p>Flowing Flame!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang recognized this effect and knew it was a special effect from a weapon. The probability of triggering the effect usually wasn't high, but it looked like the other side was lucky. To think she was able to trigger it with just a single block. But so what?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang ignored the flaming attack. It was just a weapon effect. Was it necessary for the Battle God One Autumn Leaf to dodge it?</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf didn't retreat and instead advanced. Under Sun Xiang's control, One Autumn Leaf was going to force his way through Soft Mist's interception. Suddenly, Soft Mist's spear pierced through the flames?</p>
    <p>Dragon Tooth?</p>
    <p>No.</p>
    <p>Double Stab?　</p>
    <p>No.</p>
    <p>Circle Swing?　</p>
    <p>Definitely not.</p>
    <p>Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart!</p>
    <p>This spear aimed for One Autumn Leaf's heart. It was the Level 60 Battle Mage skill, Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart. It was best described as a simple stab, but its might was far greater than a Dragon Tooth.</p>
    <p>How could a normal attack be enough to defend against a high-level skill? It definitely couldn't be blocked with just one's body. In the end, Sun Xiang was forced to retreat and leapt backwards twice to just barely dodge the attack. However, Soft Mist wasn't done yet. She was just about to execute her next attack. However, Qiu Fei's Combat Style attacked from the flank, stopping Soft Mist from continuing her assault.</p>
    <p>From an outsider's point of view, it was a very normal assistance from a teammate, but in Sun Xiang's eyes, it was disgraceful! Just Soft Mist alone had forced him to require Qiu Fei's assistance?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was angry. One Autumn Leaf stepped forward one step. Tooth for tooth. He unleashed his own Furious Dragon Strikes the Heart, except compared to Soft Mist's, it was more crafty and fast.</p>
    <p>Qiu Fei's Combat Form had been at the front, but when he saw Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf return to attack, he immediately opened up space for him. He followed Xiao Shiqin's orders and thrust his spear at Dawn Rifle.</p>
    <p>But with Tang Rou's interception, Wu Chen had seized the opportunity to use Aerial Fire to escape. The army of machines created by Xiao Shiqin's Life Extinguisher rushed forward, but they were stopped by Qiao Yifan's ghost boundaries. The gadgets from Mechanics were far weaker than the summons from Summoners. Many of them were one-time use tools. In addition, ghost boundaries could injure Mechanic gadgets and Summoner summons. As soon as the weak gadgets entered the boundary, there was almost no chance of them leaving. Xiao Shiqin hastily made adjustments. He couldn't let all of these skills go to waste. In the end, he also lost his opportunity to catch Dawn Rifle.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin was extremely annoyed. He knew that Ye Xiu had once again been one step ahead of him. Soft Mist's interception, One Inch Ash's trap. Both of them were to protect Dawn Rifle. Happy had guessed that Excellent Era would target him.</p>
    <p>He really is…. So troublesome…..</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin sighed. He wasn't as single-minded as Sun Xiang, but Ye Xiu was undoubtedly the biggest threat in Happy. He didn't lack experience fighting with Ye Xiu. In short, he had lost more times than he won, but back then, Ye Xiu's Excellent Era was much more powerful than his Thunderclap. Xiao Shiqin had been at a clear disadvantage in all of those matches, so even though he lost more times, he was still confident in his ability. But now, the two had switched positions. He was the one with Excellent Era, as for Ye Xiu? His team was a grassroots team even weaker than Thunderclap, but how was the match going? It was beyond anyone's expectations.</p>
    <p>God of Glory…</p>
    <p>Thinking of Ye Xiu's most spectacular title, Xiao Shiqin didn't need to ascertain Ye Xiu's skill. Ye Xiu had always been a part of a powerhouse like Excellent Era. A powerful team would often cover up how much an individual shined. For example, when Xiao Shiqin lost to Ye Xiu before, he didn't think that it was because he was worse than Ye Xiu. The difference lay in the team's overall strength!</p>
    <p>But now, the positions had switched. Why was Excellent Era in such dire straits? This time, there was no excuse!</p>
    <p>Dawn Rifle had already escaped. What next?</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin observed their situation. Mindlessly attacking wasn't a thing. He needed to find a breakthrough point and deal a damaging blow towards Happy.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>The noise from Falling Flower Palm got Xiao Shiqin's attention. Sun Xiang versus Soft Mist. Sun Xiang was more skilled and had the stronger character, so after a few exchanges, One Autumn Leaf's Falling Flower Palm sent Soft Mist flying. He and Combat Form rushed forward after her.</p>
    <p>Dawn Rifle had escaped outside of their attack range, so Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei switched targets to Soft Mist. Listening to the shotcaller was very important in a match, but players weren't wooden dolls who could only do as they were told. Oftentimes, players needed to make decisions based on their circumstances.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin noticed the two switch targets already and saw that the situation looked good, so he immediately started attacking Soft Mist as well. Right now, he was the only other attacker on Excellent Era. When those two switched targets, it was easy for him to switch targets too. He didn't need to give anyone instructions. As for Zhang Jiang, he had been healing when needed.</p>
    <p>"Go die!" Sun Xiang typed in the public chat. He was clearly not happy about Soft Mist disrupting his plans. He was even angrier that it wasn't Ye Xiu who had blocked him, but this little character.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang and the shadow Qiu Fei, along with Xiao Shiqin's support. This trio wasn't something any one person could defend against, but Tang Rou didn't back down from the fight. She raised her spear and actually stood in an attacking stance.　　</p>
    <p>"What a noob…" Sun Xiang remarked disdainfully. She didn't know her own strength and she was going to die for it.　</p>
    <p>But this remark caught Xiao Shiqin's eyes. He was startled by it.</p>
    <p>Were there noobs among Happy? Perhaps in the past, but right now, how could Ye Xiu let a noob participate in the finals?</p>
    <p>Everyone in Happy should be able to see the difference in strength between the two sides, yet no one helped Soft Mist. Was she sacrificing herself to give others time or?</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin looked around wildly. The others in Happy didn't disperse after Soft Mist became the focus of Excellent Era. They were still in a battle stance.</p>
    <p>But what about Lord Grim?</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin swept the field and discovered that Lord Grim was nowhere to be found!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had been the character that he had been paying close attention to the entire time. His attention had shifted when he switched his target to Soft Mist. During those few seconds, where could he have gone?</p>
    <p>He turned 720 degrees and finally found Lord Grim. That guy had stealthily hid behind a tree trunk. Xiao Shiqin had noticed his head sticking out. Then, he saw Lord Grim open his hands. Xiao Shiqin was greatly alarmed and he looked towards where Lord Grim's palms were facing. Woven Shadow! Zhang Jiaxing's Woven Shadow!</p>
    <p>"!!!" Xiao Shiqin wasn't able to type out any words. He only had time to warn everyone in this way. Unfortunately, it was too late. Zhang Jiaxing's attention had been focused on One Autumn Leaf's and Combat Form's health. He hadn't noticed that there was an ambush set up for him. The instant that Xiao Shiqin typed out the warning, Woven Shadow flew out.</p>
    <p>Cloud Grasping Fist!</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella opened up. It was a low-level Grappler skill. Ye Xiu had used this method in the match against Team Jade Dynasty to grab the opponent from afar and his target had been Team Jade Dynasty's Cleric.</p>
    <p>And this time, Team Excellent Era had actually fallen for this move too.</p>
    <p>It was the same technique, but used differently.</p>
    <p>With Jade Dynasty, no one had expected that an unspecialized could do this, so Lord Grim had been very brazen. His teammates just needed to get the opposing side's attention for him to use it.</p>
    <p>Facing Excellent Era, Ye Xiu had thought about what the opposing side might do and waited patiently until an opportunity arose. Tang Rou's Soft Mist do a 1v3? This wasn't a noob acting rashily. This was bait to attract Excellent Era's attention. With such an advantage, who wouldn't want to take it? Just when they thought that they had an opportunity to kill Soft Mist, their healer was snatched away.　</p>
    <p>Was this a trade?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist's tenaciousness exceeded their expectations. Three Battle Mages fought. She was in a 1v2 and even though she was losing, her spear danced like flowing water.</p>
    <p>What type of hand speed is this?</p>
    <p>Seeing Soft Mist's insanely fast rhythm, everyone was dumbfounded.</p>
    <p>"How is she… compared to you?" In the crowd, Tiny Herb's Xu Bin suddenly asked his teammate Liu Xiaobie. Hand speed had always been Liu Xiaobie's greatest weapon.</p>
    <p>Liu Xiaobie didn't respond. Was it because he didn't feel like responding, or because he felt too embarrassed to admit that his hand speed wasn't as high?</p>
  </body>
</html>
