<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1346: The Instant Spotlight Steal</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1346: The Instant Spotlight Steal</h1>
    <p>

		“Right now Yu Feng has the advantage!!” Commentator Pan Lin described the current situation in shock.

	</p>
    <p>

		When  the two characters met, Troubling Rain was actually instantly  suppressed by Blossoming Chaos. Under the ferocious attack of the  Berserker, Troubling Rain was clearly in a bad position.

	</p>
    <p>

		The  broadcasters couldn’t help but cut to a close-up of the chat every so  often. This was a habit born from broadcasting many of Huang Shaotian’s  matches. But now, there was nothing… The chat was clean and empty.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Huang Shaotian has said unusually little during this match!” Li Yibo observed.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Looks  like Yu Feng is giving him a lot of pressure. Maybe he doesn’t have any  time left to type words?” said Pan Lin. The pace of the players’  attacks and defenses was so fast that Pan Lin had no time to discuss any  details of the battle. He could only insert some side comments like  this.

	</p>
    <p>

		“After spending over a year in Hundred Blossoms, Yu Feng has indeed improved significantly,” said Li Yibo.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Maybe  it’s the responsibility of captaincy that gave him more courage, gave  him more of a role to play!” Pan Lin said, before glancing at the two  sides’ health bars once again. “The battle is extremely fast-paced.  Troubling Rain’s health has already dropped to 71%, while Blossoming  Chaos still has 79%. Just looking at the health, we see that even though  Huang Shaotian doesn’t have the initiative, he’s still managed to take  away a large portion of his opponent’s health. Plus, at the start of  this match, Troubling Rain was already at 96%, meaning that up to now,  he’s lost 25%, while Blossoming Chaos has lost 21%. That’s only a 4%  difference!”

	</p>
    <p>

		“On that point, we have to remember that Blossoming  Chaos is a Berserker. During these exchanges, Yu Feng will likely be  bolder,” Li Yibo said.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Whoa, just in the time it took us to say  that, their health has dropped again, Troubling Rain 67%, Blossoming  Chaos 70%! Blossoming Chaos ate a big attack here! If we consider the  two characters’ starting health, doesn’t this mean that Troubling Rain  is now in the lead?” Pan Lin was surprised, because looking at the  current offensive, Yu Feng clearly had the upper hand.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Huang  Shaotian’s defensive ability has always been exceptional, and his  ability to attack while defending is also strong. This has to do with  the role he often plays within the team,” Li Yibo said.

	</p>
    <p>

		“That’s  true,” Pan Lin agreed. The two didn’t describe this point further,  because all sorts of reporters, critics, and commentators had already  talked about this many times. Huang Shaotian’s defensive ability was  high because Team Blue Rain had several characters that needed to be  defended. Aside from the healer, Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar also needed his  support frequently.

	</p>
    <p>

		But the protection of Swoksaar was different  from the typical protection of a healer. After all, Yu Wenzhou wasn’t  someone who could be casually killed off. Even though his hands were  slow, he relied on experience and rhythm to fight in his own way. So,  Huang Shaotian’s protection of Yu Wenzhou more often contained a  counterattack. This strategy of Blue Rain’s was very mature by this  point: from Swoksaar, launch a defensive counterattack.

	</p>
    <p>

		So Blue  Rain’s players were all skilled in this area, with Huang Shaotian as the  leader. Right now he was being suppressed by Yu Feng, but while  defending, he managed to gain the upper hand in health. It had to be  said that Huang Shaotian’s defensive counterattacking was  extraordinarily effective.

	</p>
    <p>

		Having been teammates for three years,  Yu Feng wouldn’t overlook this special trait of Huang Shaotian’s. But at  this moment, it seemed like he didn’t care, as he tenaciously continued  to attack.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Is Yu Feng playing too carelessly?” Pan Lin said at  this moment. “Even though he has the initiative, if this keeps up, the  initiative won’t help him win!”

	</p>
    <p>

		Just as he said these words, Yu  Feng finally fell behind in terms of raw health. Troubling Rain was now  at 61%, while his Blossoming Chaos had been brought down to 58%.

	</p>
    <p>

		“He  still won’t stop to consider strategy?” said Pan Lin. Indeed, it looked  like Yu Feng had no plan of stopping. The battle rhythm was just as  fast as before, and in the midst of flying blood droplets, the health  bars continued to drop.

	</p>
    <p>

		60%, 57%;

	</p>
    <p>

		58%, 54%;

	</p>
    <p>

		54%, 51%;

	</p>
    <p>

		50%, 40%…

	</p>
    <p>

		After a flurry of blows, Blossoming Chaos’s health suddenly plummeted drastically, from 51% all the way down to 40%.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Ah, this…” Pan Lin was already losing his voice as he cried out. Blue Rain’s home stadium erupted in cheers to welcome victory.

	</p>
    <p>

		“No! Now, Yu Feng’s offensive truly begins!” Li Yibo shouted. After seeing this sharp drop, he realized something.

	</p>
    <p>

		Blood  Awakening. Activating once a Berserker’s health was below 50%, this  granted a massive increase in strength. The lower the health, the  greater the increase. And Yu Feng’s health had dropped all the way to  40% in one step. The strength increase granted by this 10% would boost  Blossoming Chaos’ attack power and priority. And this sudden boost in  attack priority would instantly put greater pressure on Huang Shaotian’s  defense. If he couldn’t keep up with this increased rhythm, it was very  possible that he would be crushed.

	</p>
    <p>

		It looked like Yu Feng wanted  to use this moment to attack explosively, directly defeating Huang  Shaotian’s Troubling Rain in one go. Now that his own health was at 40%,  Blossoming Chaos used his Awakening skill: Bloodthirsty Craze.

	</p>
    <p>

		Boost!

	</p>
    <p>

		Aside  from the boost to strength, Bloodthirsty Craze also boosted Blossoming  Chaos’ movement and attack speeds. It relied on the same logic:  sacrifice one’s own health to drastically increase attack power.

	</p>
    <p>

		In  just this short instant, Blossoming Chaos completed a massive explosion  of stats. This explosion wasn’t a coincidence, of course. Yu Feng had  planned for this long ago. He had a very clear plan here: relying on  this explosiveness, he would deal the final blow to Huang Shaotian.

	</p>
    <p>

		It’s here!

	</p>
    <p>

		The  Silver weapon Blossoms Burial once again whipped up a hurricane of  blood. All of these boosts had come so suddenly, even Huang Shaotian  probably didn’t expect Blossoming Chaos to swiftly enter a 40% health  Blood Awakening and activate Bloodthirsty Craze. This was all completed  in an instant. Blossoming Chaos’ attacks now were on a whole different  level from before.

	</p>
    <p>

		Could Huang Shaotian withstand this sudden increase of power?

	</p>
    <p>

		No, clearly not.

	</p>
    <p>

		When  Troubling Rain lifted his weapon Ice Rain to defend, it was instantly  forced back by the greatsword Blossoms Burial. Blossoming Chaos’ attack  priority right now wasn’t something that Troubling Rain could casually  block with his blade.

	</p>
    <p>

		Hit!

	</p>
    <p>

		It looked like even Ice Rain was  thrust into Troubling Rain’s flesh. The blood sprayed up like a screen  to cover the two people. Only their health bars could be seen,  reflecting the current situation as they jumped downward.

	</p>
    <p>

		Troubling Rain: 45%; Blossoming Chaos: 39%.

	</p>
    <p>

		43%; 38%;

	</p>
    <p>

		40%; 37%;

	</p>
    <p>

		35%; 36%…

	</p>
    <p>

		In  an instant, in just this instant, Blossoming Chaos completed his  counterattack. His health was now higher than Troubling Rain’s. There  wasn’t even an exchange, there was only Yu Feng’s crazy offensive.  Blossoming Chaos’ health depletion was only an automatic side-effect of  Bloodthirsty Craze.

	</p>
    <p>

		I can win! I will win!

	</p>
    <p>

		Yu Feng saw the  opportunity, the opportunity that he’d constructed from the very  beginning, finally in his hand. He loved this feeling, truly loved this  feeling, the feeling of having everything firmly in his grasp. It felt  so enriching, and so very real…

	</p>
    <p>

		32%; 35%;

	</p>
    <p>

		29%; 34%;

	</p>
    <p>

		25%; 33%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%; 32%…

	</p>
    <p>

		Controlled  well, his attacks were controlled excellently, the gap between their  health was only widening. Even more importantly, as Blossoming Chaos’  health depleted his strength was still increasing, and his offensive  grew more and more violent.

	</p>
    <p>

		The Bloodthirsty Craze status was  about to wear off, and a large portion of his battle ability was about  to vanish. Afterward, he would need to rely on Berserk to make up for  it. But Huang Shaotian had probably already grown accustomed to this  current rhythm; the replacement boost from Berserk probably wouldn’t be  enough to suppress him.

	</p>
    <p>

		Still, he didn’t need to worry too much.  It wasn’t a big deal if he sacrificed some health. Consider it a  one-time interest payment on Bloodthirsty Craze! The final offensive was  about to begin here.

	</p>
    <p>

		Berserk!

	</p>
    <p>

		Yu Feng didn’t wait for  Bloodthirsty Craze to wear off before using a new skill. Just before  Bloodthirsty Craze was about to end, he activated Berserk.

	</p>
    <p>

		His  offensive continued, but as Yu Feng expected, the 25% decrease that  Berserk represented couldn’t help Yu Feng suppress Huang Shaotian  completely.

	</p>
    <p>

		He needed an exchange. He just needed to complete one exchange.

	</p>
    <p>

		His 12% health lead allowed Yu Feng to feel calm. This battle would end after this final wave of attacks.

	</p>
    <p>

		Whirlwind Strike!

	</p>
    <p>

		Blossoming Chaos’ attacks continued. He used a Whirlwind Strike to send his sword spinning toward Troubling Rain.

	</p>
    <p>

		But…

	</p>
    <p>

		Falling Blossom Form!

	</p>
    <p>

		Troubling  Rain suddenly darted out with his sword. So fast, so accurate. The  attack was clearly initiated just slower than Whirlwind Strike, but it  landed upon Blossoming Chaos first.

	</p>
    <p>

		Blossoming Chaos was sent  falling down out of his control, and Yu Feng was stunned. What happened?  How was his offensive broken here? Troubling Rain’s attack came so  quickly that he truly had no way of responding. This one attack came as  though it had been waiting for a long time, as though it had been ready  for a long time. One touch completely shattered Blossoming Chaos’  offensive.

	</p>
    <p>

		“Dropping health like that in front of me, you really  are too bold. Have you already forgotten what my style is?” Huang  Shaotian finally graced the chat with some of his words. He mentioned  his style. This style… He probably wasn’t referring to how he was  finally talking now, he was evidently referring to something else… Huang  Shaotian’s style, aside from his talkative nature.

	</p>
    <p>

		Opportunist. The greatest opportunist in Glory. One opening was enough to create a reversal. One opening was enough to kill.

	</p>
    <p>

		It  wasn’t that Yu Feng didn’t know this, nor would he forget this. He  simply believed that he wouldn’t give Huang Shaotian any openings, any  opportunities. But now…

	</p>
    <p>

		Swordlight. Ice Rain’s swordlight, like strings of frozen raindrops, landed over and over upon Blossoming Chaos’ body.

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 28%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 25%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 22%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 15%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 11%;

	</p>
    <p>

		20%, 0…

	</p>
    <p>

		Just like that, Blossoming Chaos’ 32% was wiped away in one go. Troubling Rain took no damage.

	</p>
    <p>

		As  expected of this guy! Yu Feng watched, helpless, as Blossoming Chaos  fell. This guy always had a sudden explosion at a critical point,  instantly stealing your spotlight. On the battlefield, no matter how  hard he worked, no matter how well he played, it could never compete  with the elegance of that guy’s instantaneous strike.

	</p>
    <p>

		He thought  he had grasped victory in his hands, but it still slipped through his  fingers in the end. That feeling of fullness turned empty in the blink  of an eye.

	</p>
    <p>

		This is why I had to leave Blue Rain!

	</p>
    <p>

		At Blue Rain, your sudden appearances always crushed the presence I worked so hard to build up. It was truly too cruel…

	</p>
  </body>
</html>
