<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1572 - Like a Dream</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1572 - Like a Dream</h1>
    <p>The shadow created by the overtowering Death Knight covered the entirety of Dark Thunder. The Death Knight lifted his enormous rusty sword and swung downwards.</p>
    <p>Dodge. Lin Jingyan’s only choice was to dodge. The Death Knight wasn’t a Goblin. If that strike hit, it wouldn’t be just a small impact, it would likely knock him down.</p>
    <p>Devil World Flower, Goblin, Death Knight.</p>
    <p>The three summons by themselves weren’t enough of a threat to make Lin Jingyan helpless, but completely suppressing An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands under these circumstances wasn’t likely. Lin Jingyan would probably be able to interrupt longer casts, but Clerics had access to three instant cast heals: Small, Great, and Holy Cure. Knowing that Lord Grim would need to be healed after using Life-Risking Strike, An Wenyi had intentionally saved these skills for him.</p>
    <p>Happy had stabilized the situation!</p>
    <p>Everyone realized this point, and the one who helped Happy stabilize it was Luo Ji. This inexperienced rookie had shined brightly in both team competitions against Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Last time, it had been through his outrageous Dismantle style. And this time? He had done it by putting to use one of the most fundamental characterstics of a Summoner.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji’s hands were shaking. He could sense his hurried breathing. More than thirty minutes had passed since the start of the match, and he was still nervous. However, his thoughts were exceptionally clear. His hands may be trembling uncontrollably, but he did what he had to do bit by bit.</p>
    <p>He didn’t even know himself how much of an impact his actions would have on the battle, but he kept telling himself that he needed to succeed. He needed to do the only thing that he could do: not make any mistakes!</p>
    <p>Everything he did turned into a reality, and it showed.</p>
    <p>He didn’t overlook a single detail. He was playing perfectly. It wasn’t easy for him to control six summons split between two different areas, but fortunately, his summons didn’t need to fight too precisely.</p>
    <p>If this continued, Happy would win!</p>
    <p>That was what the pro player chat group thought. Luo Ji had no one on him. He had complete freedom in the battlefield. For Tyranny, who needed to focus on Lord Grim, Luo Ji had become their greatest hindrance.</p>
    <p>Was Tyranny going to lose because of this rookie?</p>
    <p>Luo Ji had been the decisive factor in both the team competitions that he had participated in.</p>
    <p>Lose?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Not yet!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing and his Desert Dust had arrived! For a Striker, he had initially been relatively far away from the battle, but he had finally returned. He had no one on him either. Didn’t that mean he could go directly for Lord Grim? Or he could fend off Dancing Rain and the summons to let Dazzling Hundred Blossoms finish off Lord Grim. Or he could help Dark Thunder shut down Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing had several options, but at this moment, Zhang Jiale suddenly noticed Luo Ji casting something. It wasn’t a summon, but a spell.</p>
    <p>What was it?</p>
    <p>For a moment, Zhang Jiale couldn’t think of anything. However, his many years of experience was giving him feeling of danger. He could sense that if he didn’t interrupt Concealed Light, things might truly be over for Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>Ignoring everything else around him, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms fired three shots at Concealed Light. The Frost Wolf immediately pounced on him and knocked him to the ground.</p>
    <p>It’ll reach! Zhang Jiale was still looking towards Concealed LIght. He saw Concealed Light’s staff glowing with magic, but it wasn’t yet complete. It was a spell with a very long casting time. His three bullets would make it in time.</p>
    <p>But suddenly, a figure suddenly flashed into Zhang Jiale’s view. Peng peng peng, the three bullets bounced off that shameless Myriad Manifestations Umbrella.</p>
    <p>With only 4% of his health left, Lord Grim rushed into protect Concealed Light. Who would have thought?</p>
    <p>The gathered magic burst out!</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was able to cast his spell. Zhang Jiale could feel a biting chill. It was as if the spell had penetrated through to reality.</p>
    <p>Absolute Zero!</p>
    <p>Not towards him, but Desert Dust. The Elementalist Level 75 skill had completely frozen Desert Dust, who was perhaps Tyranny’s hope for a reversal.</p>
    <p>This was the skill that Luo Ji had chosen to put on his weapon, a powerful CC skill. With no one interfering with him, using a long-casting skill was naturally a suitable choice. But in the end, he had underestimated his opponents. He hadn’t thought that Zhang Jiale would unexpectedly be able to notice it and even try to interrupt it. He had thought that with the enormous pressure on Zhang Jiale right now, he would be the last one to make a move against him.</p>
    <p>The moment Dazzling Hundred Blossoms attacked him, his heart had turned cold. He had almost cancelled the skill, but at the last moment, Lord Grim appeared in front of him and blocked the attacks. Luo Ji had seen this sort of protection from Ye Xiu many times on the bench, and this time, he was the one being protected.</p>
    <p>Absolute Zero was unleashed.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Luo Ji suddenly had absolute confidence in winning because he knew that he wasn’t as insignificant as he had thought. Everything he had done had influenced the battle.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>Due to Ye Xiu blocking Zhang Jiale’s attempt to interrupt Luo Ji, Han Wenqing took the brunt of the after effects. By the time he saw the Absolute Zero come out, it was too late for him to dodge. This skill created a new dimension, instantly affecting all those within its range. Desert Dust was instantly frozen, and once again, he wouldn’t be able to participate in the battle for some time.</p>
    <p>The freeze time was rather limited though, since it was only a level one skill without Ice Elemental Affinity to buff the Absolute Zero’s effects, but in a situation where every second counted, it was enough to be a deciding factor. If not for this Absolute Zero, Desert Dust might be swinging his fist at Lord Grim. But right now, all hope was lost. An Wenyi didn’t drop the ball just because he was a rookie. The no-healing period of time after Life-Risking Strike had finally ended. He quickly seized the opportunity and cast a Holy Cure.</p>
    <p>Light flashed, a crit.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s health instantly shot up. It was now high enough to make the fans on Tyranny despair, even if they could see Qin Muyun’s Negative Nine Degrees approaching closer and closer.</p>
    <p>His Sharpshooter would soon be able to provide support for Tyranny, but it was too late…</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had dared to body block attacks with only 4% of his health left. Now that he had received a critical Holy Cure, what wouldn’t he dare to do?</p>
    <p>Target, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim instantly closed in. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had only just climbed back up onto his feet, and now he was trapped inside an unspecialized combo. To make things worse, there was Dancing Rain’s artillery barrage from behind, as well as attacks from the Wyvern and Thunder Eagle. In his attempts to finish off Lord Grim, he had lost a considerable amount of health. How much longer could he last?</p>
    <p>Absolute Zero’s effects ended, and Desert Dust rushed out.</p>
    <p>A crisp gunshot could be heard from the other end. Qin Muyun’s Negative Nine Degrees had finally arrived.</p>
    <p>But Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was already at his last breath. Ye Xiu didn’t even need to waste time on him anymore. Lord Grim turned around and went directly for Desert Dust. Concealed Light’s Frost Wolf immediately took his place, and along with Dancing Rain’s artillery support, they finished off Dazzling Hundred Blossoms.</p>
    <p>It was a 5v4, and the side with 5 had the healer.</p>
    <p>The Tyranny fans in the crowd were silent. The fans, who never became discouraged and never gave up, could already see their defeat.</p>
    <p>Happy didn’t give Tyranny any opportunities to turn things around. With such control over the battle, a comeback from Tyranny would only happen if Happy made a disastrous mistake.</p>
    <p>“Don’t relax!” Ye Xiu reminded everyone. Only now did the crowd realize that no one had said anything in chat for a very long time. Play after play had happened one after the other, yet during this time, there had been no communication on either team between any of the players.</p>
    <p>Happy won!</p>
    <p>This was the final outcome, yet no one had expected that after it became a 5v4, the match would take another half an hour to finish. Happy had relied on their healer advantage to win, sacrificing two of their players to take down the remaining four on Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Happy clearly had control over the pace of the match, but Tyranny hadn’t crumbled as fast as people had imagined.</p>
    <p>Only now did people realize how important his seemingly modest “Don’t relax” was.</p>
    <p>Against a team like Tyranny, even if they were at such a huge disadvantage, if you relaxed for even a moment, it might come back to bite you.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu understood Tyranny too well. He knew how the team played, and he wouldn’t give Tyranny this kind of opportunity. He led Happy, keeping up the same level of determination and perseverance until the last second.</p>
    <p>It was over…</p>
    <p>Happy had officially won. With this team competition, they won this round and this best of three. Happy would move on to the finals.</p>
    <p>The stadium was quiet.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans were silent. As for Happy’s fans? The last half-hour had been nerve wracking to watch too. Although Happy had the clear advantage, it always felt like Tyranny would suddenly turn things around. The match didn’t feel like it was over even when Happy stabilized their advantage. It wasn’t until Happy finally won did they begin to regain their composure.</p>
    <p>The crowd continued to be silent even as the players exited from the player booths, even as the two teams lined up at the center of the stage, even as the screen displayed its congratulations to the winners.</p>
    <p>Finally, reality hit.</p>
    <p>Happy had won. They had started at the bottom of the Challenger League, and now they would be moving on to the highest stage in Glory. It was all like a dream.</p>
  </body>
</html>
