<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 696: Guild Feature</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 696: Guild Feature</h1>
    <p>“What’s the situation like over there?” Ye Xiu’s Englightened Lord didn’t stop moving, after meeting up with the four players. He continued to head towards the Stadium, while asking them. Loulan Slash and the other three respected figures in the game purposefully stood to the left and right of Enlightened Lord, placing him in the center. Afterwards, Parade’s guild leader, Martial Awareness, who had first discovered the boss, explained the situation.</p>
    <p>“The situation is looking grim. Three guilds located the boss before us. From our observations of the teleport formation, three other guilds are en route.” Martial Awareness introduced.</p>
    <p>“Six guilds? That’s okay. That’s not too many.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>For wild bosses, there were usually be around ten or so Club guilds with the strength to compete. Only six guilds participating could be considered a small number.</p>
    <p>“Six guilds is just for now.” Martial Awareness expressed.</p>
    <p>“Yeah, I know. Stay on the lookout. Have the three guilds ahead made any movements yet?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“They haven’t for now. They haven’t finished gathering their troops together.” Martial Awareness said.</p>
    <p>“Which three guilds arrived first?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Tyrannical Ambition, Misty Castle, and Howling Heights.” Martial Awareness said.</p>
    <p>“How strong are these three guilds exactly?” Ye Xiu asked. He didn’t have a deep understanding of the game. He knew that Blue Brook Guild, Herb Garden, and Tyrannical Ambition were the strongest guilds and had been christened the Three Great Guilds. He only knew about these sorts of common knowledge. As for how each guild stacked against each other, Ye Xiu believed that no one knew better than the guilds competing against them.</p>
    <p>As expected, Martial Awareness replied clearly: “Tyrannical Ambition is a bit stronger than the others. In a large-scale PK battle, Tyrannical Ambition stands out. If you compare Misty Castle to Howling Heights, Howling Heights is slightly stronger.”</p>
    <p>“What are the class compositions of each of the three guilds’ elite teams?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“That……” Martial Awareness wasn’t sure. Yue Ziqin and White Stream were also stunned. It wasn’t difficult to find out the class composition of the three elite groups, but it was just that their smaller guilds rarely competed against the top guilds. Their wild boss hunts were considered “poaching.” Directly competing was called snatching.</p>
    <p>They could get information on these guild elite groups, but they just never placed much importance on it. None of the three guild leaders could answer. However, Loulan Slash stood out. His team’s original intention had been to become champions. He had arrogantly considered these big guilds as their pretend rivals and had thoroughly prepared to fight against them.</p>
    <p>“God, I’ll send over the information to you!” Loulan Slash said as he forwarded the document to Ye Xiu on QQ. Ye Xiu took a look. It was information on the elite groups of every Club guild. Not just the class competition, but even the names of the characters.</p>
    <p>“That should be around what they have.” Loulan Slash said. He wasn’t completely certain. Groups sometimes changed players.</p>
    <p>“Mm, let me see!” Ye Xiu continued to rush forward with Enlightened Lord, while skimming through Loulan Slash’s document. Loulan Slash had done quite a diligent job with this document. He even had information on what equipment many of the group members wore. These details were a bit excessive. Finding the composition of the group was enough.</p>
    <p>“Who will be the first one to finish gathering all of their members together?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Tyrannical Ambition.” Martial Awareness said.</p>
    <p>“Tyrannical Ambition will probably try to kill it fast as possible. Let’s hurry.” Ye Xiu guessed.</p>
    <p>No one questioned him. The four guild leaders began to urge everyone to speed up. Sprinting used up stamina. No one could keep sprinting for a long period of time. Speeding up required switching between sprinting and recovering at appropriate intervals as well as utilizing stamina potions. As a result, there were differences between different characters. Ye Xiu and the other guild leaders ran at the front. When Ye Xiu turned around to look, he discovered that Little Cold Hands was actually able to keep up.</p>
    <p>“Not bad!” Ye Xiu praised.</p>
    <p>“You talked about this in the materials you gave me. I thought that it would be be useful, so I’ve been practicing.” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hand’s strong points were his ability to judge the situation and his surroundings. His mechanics weren’t anything special. It was only because he had played the game for longer that he was better than someone new like Concealed Light. As a result, he had also given Little Cold Hands a training plan to follow like he had with Concealed Light. These two had poor mechanics. They were far from being at Tang Rou’s or Steamed Bun’s level. Their starting points were different.</p>
    <p>The training plan that Ye Xiu had given Little Cold Hands was more fundamental, but also more all around. For example, something like utilizing stamina optimally was naturally very basic. It was one of the items talked about in the training packet. Ye Xiu never told Little Cold Hands which of these things he should prioritize. Little Cold Hands learning how to utilize stamina without being told to do so showed his attentiveness and insight. He had clearly thought of how he would only be able to keep up with everyone else if he could maintain his movement speed. If he couldn’t keep up, then there was no point talking about any sort of coordinating. He was a Cleric. If he wasn’t with the team, he was useless.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t know he had done this kind of practice before. He didn’t know how long it took him to be able to reach a level, where he could completely keep up with Ye Xiu and the others.</p>
    <p>“Not bad, not bad. As a Cleric, flexibility is important. Only by being flexible can you cover a wider range. If the Cleric is flexible, the team can also be flexible. A good Cleric doesn’t require his team members to deliberately look for his position. A good Cleric will always appear where he should appear.” Ye Xiu gave a lecture.</p>
    <p>“Tyrannical Ambition has started attacking the boss!” Martial Awareness said.</p>
    <p>Martial Awareness also kept up with them. After all, he was a guild leader and utilizing stamina was a part of the basics. In reality, players in the Heavenly Domain paid attention to their usage. It just depended on their level of skill.</p>
    <p>“As expected.” Ye Xiu wasn’t surprised, “What are the other two guilds doing?”</p>
    <p>“They’ve started fighting.” Martial Awareness said.</p>
    <p>“The three guilds are fighting?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“It seems like it.” Martial Awareness wasn’t at the scene. He was just receiving reports.</p>
    <p>“Hurry.” Ye Xiu didn’t say anything else. They weren’t there yet. Saying anything was pointless.</p>
    <p>。</p>
    <p>As Gladiator Veta attacked the surrounding players. The three guilds began fighting with each other too.</p>
    <p>The first to move was Tyrannical Ambition. Their players were the first to arrive, so they had more players. In addition, they were slightly stronger than the other guilds, so they didn’t care too much about Misty Castle or Howling Heights. Jiang You gave the order, and the elite group began attacking the boss. Even if the other two guilds didn’t attack, Tyrannical Ambition wasn’t going to ignore them. As soon as Tyrannical Ambition attacked, they also attacked the other two guilds. Tyrannical Ambition seemed to be quite confident in beating the boss and the other two guilds.</p>
    <p>Tyrannical Ambition had the qualifications to be confident. The Three Great Guilds weren’t called that for no reason. Whether it was the number of players, guild storage, uncommon materials, or their elite group’s strength, they undoubtedly stood at the top. Especially because these things all complemented one another. If their elite groups weren’t strong, how could they get any materials? Without a huge number of players as their foundation, how could they build up their guild storage?</p>
    <p>After Jiang You gave the order, his Elementalist, Wandering Shockwave, also entered the fray. He personally acted, building up morale. His magic exploded, specifically aimed towards Misty Castle’s Elementalists.</p>
    <p>Team Misty Rain’s ace character was an Elementalist. Influenced by this, the guild had more Elementalists. In their elite group, Elementalists were their main source of damage.</p>
    <p>Glass cannon classes like Elementalists had explosive firepower. Jiang You himself was an Elementalist, so he was well aware of it. But he didn’t cower. He personally led his long-range attackers to fire at the Misty Castle Elementalists.</p>
    <p>The Elementalists of Misty Castle were outstanding and the Clerics of Tyrannical Ambition were exceptional.</p>
    <p>The stars of the teams influenced which classes gathered in the respective guild. It had already become a feature of the big guilds. Their elite groups displayed this feature.</p>
    <p>With the support from skilled Clerics, Jiang You didn’t fear the attacks from Misty Castle’s Elementalists. His decision was clearly correct. After the two sides fought, Misty Castle couldn’t hang on. Tyrannical Ambition also had skilled Strikers just like Han Wenqing, who they admired. They imagined themselves as the King of Fighting and quickly tore through Misty Rain’s formation. Once they got close, Misty Castle’s Elementalists were practically trampled to death.</p>
    <p>Misty Castle wasn’t able to win. Their leader quickly ordered everyone retreat. Misty Castle’s guild leader, Misty Lock, wasn’t even there yet!</p>
    <p>After quickly defeating Misty Castle, Jiang You felt very good. He turned around was about to give Howling heights a good lesson. But when he looked, he saw an Elementalist standing high on one of the stone pillars in the stadium. He was dressed in a blue-green robe. Jiang You recognized it as the Level 70 Orange equipment, Clear Sky Magic Robes. To be able to wear a full set of Orange equipment, this person wasn’t an ordinary person.</p>
    <p>But this person….. Guild Howling Heights. His name: Hazy Scene.</p>
    <p>Even though Howling Heights wasn’t considered one of the Three Great Guilds, they were at least a guild that could often compete with them. Jiang You recognized their experts, but he didn't recognize this name. But seeing his arrogant appearance, Jiang You felt an indescribable anger. As Tyrannical Ambition’s guild leader, Jiang You was someone who stood at the top of the game. Just by wearing a full set of Level 70 Orange equipment and standing at a high point, did he think he could scare him?</p>
    <p>No, definitely not!</p>
    <p>Jiang You was just about to order his troops to kill this arrogant guy, when that Elementalist made his move first. He lifted his hands, pointed his staff towards Jiang You’s Wandering Peak, and fired a Fireball.</p>
  </body>
</html>
