<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 769: Inventory</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 769: Inventory</h1>
    <p>Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, Chen Guo, and Tang Rou experienced what it was like to live here. The three girls took the two empty rooms. Ye Xiu went to Wei Chen’s room. Just as Wei Chen said, the room was filled with smoke. It wasn’t anything Ye Xiu had any problems with though.</p>
    <p>"Everyone’s gathered together now." Wei Chen sighed as he handed Ye Xiu a cigarette.　</p>
    <p>"Not bad, right?" Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>"If our opponent wasn’t Excellent Era, it would have been great." Wei Chen couldn’t get rid himself of this worry because he was more worried than anyone else about this opportunity. Sometimes he even felt upset at himself. If he knew he could have done this earlier, why did he waste so many years of his life? Why didn’t he just try to return to the scene sooner?</p>
    <p>"How about you try your hand at Tyranny and see if they’ll accept you. You can be together with them in an old people team." Ye Xiu lit his cigarette.</p>
    <p>"Ah, it’s fine! I’m old already. I can’t struggle like I did before!" Wei Chen sighed.</p>
    <p>"You’re worried that they don’t want you, no?" Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>"Tch." Wei Chen objected, "What about you? You didn’t need to do this yourself. You’ve managed to keep your ability to play in good condition for all these years. Returning to the scene at the end of the year wouldn’t be difficult at all."</p>
    <p>"If I don’t busy myself with this kind of goal, how would I be able to maintain my good condition?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You’ve already gotten this far. Why are you thinking about all this? Stay on this path!" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Aren’t you the one that’s thinking too much?"</p>
    <p>"I can’t help myself." Wei Chen sighed. It wasn’t something that he could stop himself from doing.</p>
    <p>"Who can’t?" Ye Xiu held his cigarette in his mouth as he looked out the window.</p>
    <p>"If we fail to get through the Challenger League, what will you do?" Wei Chen suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>"I’ll see when that time comes!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You haven’t thought about it yet?"</p>
    <p>"Not at all." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"That’s good!" Wei Chen let out a sigh. It seems like he had been troubled by this question.</p>
    <p>"What do you have to be worried about? Even if you fail, you’ve got 18 million yuan. Isn’t that good enough?" Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>"Happiness can’t be bought!" Wei Chen refuted.</p>
    <p>"How about you spend your money to hire a few hitmen and get rid of those guys at Excellent Era? Wouldn’t we certainly succeed then?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Mm, I actually know a few people."</p>
    <p>"D*mn!" Ye Xiu didn’t think that Wei Chen was actually serious.</p>
    <p>"I’m just kidding." Wei Chen said. </p>
    <p>"Excellent Era is going to be a very troublesome opponent." Ye Xiu said, "But there will always be opportunities in the future."</p>
    <p>"You don’t need to preach to me." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"You’re such a good-for-nothing. You clearly understand the logic, yet you still get anxious and depressed from time to time. Did those glasses of beer bring up unnecessary worry?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What do you think of everyone currently here?" Wei Chen didn’t want to talk about his feelings with Ye Xiu anymore and changed topics.　</p>
    <p>"You’ve seen them too. What are your thoughts?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"I think Tang Rou and Steamed Bun definitely have a good future ahead of them. You managed to pick up two treasures! I’m certain that after they shine in the Challenger League, there will definitely be pro teams who think highly of them." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"As if you need to tell me that." Ye Xiu smiled, "Wang Jiexi once invited Little Tang to join his team."</p>
    <p>"Even something like that happened?" Wei Chen was astonished.</p>
    <p>"Of course." Ye Xiu gave him a summary of the event.</p>
    <p>"She refused? Why?" Wei Chen was a bit at a loss.</p>
    <p>"That is her biggest problem. Her love and passion for Glory isn’t the same as ours. She only started playing because she lost to me in the Arena multiple times. She never had the ambition of becoming a pro player, so she didn’t think much of Wang Jiexi’s invitation." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What about now?" Wei Chen asked.</p>
    <p>"Now? She’s been playing for so long already. It seems like she’s at least somewhat interested in playing Glory. The pro scene just so happens to have numerous experts to challenge. I think that’s most likely her motivation to continue playing." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Haha, that’s a good reason! Her personality is really fitting for a competitor! I think she’ll go very far." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"That might not be true." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Why?"</p>
    <p>"She’s not that young. Her background is also a bit strange too. Look at how she carries herself. When I first came here, she was doing unskilled labor at Happy Internet Cafe. Would you believe that?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"F*ck, no way?" Wei Chen was astonished.</p>
    <p>"I seriously think that she ran away from home, just like me." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You ran away from home?" Wei Chen continued to be astonished.</p>
    <p>"F*ck, a slip of the tongue. I forgot that you didn’t know about that." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Tell me, tell me, tell me." Wei Chen hastily said.</p>
    <p>"It was many years ago. There’s nothing to say." Ye Xiu looked down on Wei Chen.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen wasn’t much of a gossiper. Seeing that Ye Xiu didn’t want to talk about it, he didn’t keep pestering. He continued to examine the strengths of Team Happy’s current members: "In any case, Tang Rou will probably be the most outstanding amongst them. Steamed Bun is quite good too, but he’s not very consistent. A few mistakes here and there are always fine, but it would be very troublesome during a crucial moment."</p>
    <p>"Correct. That’s Steamed Bun’s main problem." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"For this type of player, if it were an important match, I think most teams would place him as their sixth player." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"We don’t have that luxury right now though." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"You’re right." Wei Chen sighed, "The others are quite a ways away from those two."</p>
    <p>"Mo Fan isn’t too bad." Ye Xiu pointed him out.</p>
    <p>"F*ck, that dead person. If you didn’t say anything, I wouldn’t even have mentioned him. You saying his name makes me want to go over there and punch him." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"I still don’t know what to do about him! I have no idea why he even plays Glory. I’m hoping that he’ll have a change in mind once he starts playing with us." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Seeing how he seems to insist on rejecting everything that we do, I don’t see much hope." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"He’ll reject anything new to him, but he’s familiar with Glory. This will help him gain a better understanding of Glory. Let’s see how things go before coming to any conclusions!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Then there’s An Wenyi and Luo Ji." Wei Chen started talking about these two fresh arrivals: "I saw Luo Ji’s situation this afternoon. I’m afraid there’s not much hope of him getting on stage in the short term. The future will depend on how much he improves. How is he compared to when you first met him?"</p>
    <p>"He’s definitely improved a lot, but he can’t compare to Tang Rou or Steamed Bun. I haven’t guided him that much though. We’ll see how things go after a month of intense practice!" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What about An Wenyi? You guys usually bring him along, but I haven’t actually seen his skill in-game." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"He still needs practice. His awareness and decision-making is quite remarkable. If it’s a 1v1 and he had to heal, his pacing and control is definitely at a pro level, but if you give him multiple targets, such as one healer for a team, he starts to mess up." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Hm. Then, we’ll have to see after this month!" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"There’s nothing to see. That’s everyone we can use." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Little Qiao is quite good. I heard that you wanted him to switch to a Phantom Demon?" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"I feel like his strengths would fit a Phantom Demon more." Ye Xiu said.　　</p>
    <p>"His foundation is quite stable. Right now, he’s at the stage where he’s getting used to his class. I think highly of him, but honestly speaking, he isn’t any extraordinary talent. I hope he’ll work hard to make up for that!"</p>
    <p>"Being able to pick up two talents is lucky enough." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>That’s true. That is very lucky."</p>
    <p>"They’ll have to practice hard! It’s entirely on them." Wei Chen puffed out one final cloud of smoke and then extinguished the flame. "Let’s sleep!"</p>
    <p>"Okay." Ye Xiu replied and also laid down.</p>
    <p>After a moment of silence, Wei Chen suddenly said: "Our boss isn’t considered an official player, right?"</p>
    <p>"Of course not." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Okay." Wei Chen replied. He didn’t say anything after that.</p>
    <p>They had been pulling all nighters for the past month, so sleeping at this time wasn’t easy. Wei Chen borrowed the effects of alcohol to sleep soundly. Ye Xiu laid on his bed, not sleepy at all. He stared at the pitch black darkness outside. Who knew how long it would take for him to sleep.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen slept early and woke up early. When he woke up, he immediately woke up Ye Xiu too.</p>
    <p>"Hurry! Get up! While there’s still nothing to do, we should figure out everyone’s practice plan. We can’t be lazy." Wei Chen shouted.</p>
    <p>"Lazy? I’ve already given each of them a practice plan to follow." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"How can throwing them some plans to follow be considered anything? You have to be more rigorous. Time, content, levels. Everyone’s doing the same thing. Have the pace of their practice go up." Wei Chen yelled, "We need to make active preparations for the Challenger League, not just in equipment. Everyone’s individual strength is crucial too."</p>
    <p>"Okay, that’s very reasonable. I’ll leave that to you then. I’ll keep on thinking about what to do with our equipment problem, so stop bothering me. I have an idea and I need some peace and quiet to think about it." Ye Xiu flipped over his body.</p>
    <p>"D*mmit, get the f*ck up! We need to start regulating practices. Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan, you guys have experience with teams. Gather here! Meeting time!" Wei Chen roared.</p>
    <p>Helpless, Ye Xiu was finally forced to get up. He didn’t know when he slept last night. He didn’t have any energy. But seeing how spirited Wei Chen was, he was also gratified, so he struggled to match up with him.</p>
    <p>"Right now, we don’t have the software to utilize all those practice methods that the current pro teams use. But as pioneers from the early days, we shouldn’t be held up by this issue. The earliest teams didn’t have these resources either. They relied on things in the game. Weren’t they still able to practice?" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"As if you need to say that." Ye Xiu remarked.</p>
    <p>"Good. What we need right now is for you guys to tell us the contents of the practice methods that you use in your Clubs and we’ll find a substitute for it in the game." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"I know. I’ve been doing that the entire time." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Now we have this senior helping. We’ll organize everything by the end of today." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Wait. What training methods do you know of that are used by Clubs?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"None. So hurry up and tell me everything you know about the theory and methodology behind their practice routines!" Wei Chen looked like he was planning a robbery.</p>
  </body>
</html>
