<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1417 - Comeback</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1417 - Comeback</h1>
    <p>Windward Formation, Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>The two Warlocks hadn’t even exchanged blows, yet there already seemed to be sparks in the air.</p>
    <p>As for Lu Hanwen? He was the most active player in this battle. But in comparison to Wei Chen and Yu Wenzhou, this young player was lacking a storyplayer. Pan Lin and Li Yibo were currently ignoring his plays, instead focusing on the two Warlocks.</p>
    <p>In fact, because of their access to spectator controls, the audience had a far better understanding of the adjustments being done made by both teams than anyone on the field. Even so, they didn’t know what the result of these changes would result inbe. The fans of both teams were filled with anxiety.</p>
    <p>When the battle was intense, the audience didn’t know where to look.</p>
    <p>On the other hand, the viewers tuning into the broadcast had an much easier time. Wherever the broadcast picked was what they got to see. The difficult decision-making went was made by to the cameraman.</p>
    <p>Right now, in order to coordinate with Pan Lin and Li Yibo, the camera focused on those three players.</p>
    <p>But no matter how much hype was given to the two Warlocks of different generations, the fact that Lu Hanwen was the most active player at the moment could not be changed.</p>
    <p>The greatsword-wielding Flowing Sword displayed a frightening aggression. How would Wei Chen respond?</p>
    <p>“Uh… Wei Chen’s Windward Formation is… running around the rock in circles,” Pan Lin tried hard to make Wei Chen’s response seem like a brilliant play, but reality was cruel. His attempt only made his description seem flimsy.</p>
    <p>“Very effective pathing…” Pan Lin added in a comment and then looked at Li Yibo in desperation.</p>
    <p>Help me, senior!</p>
    <p>Pan Lin hinted. He truly had no idea how to glamorize the situation.</p>
    <p>“Haha,” Li Yibo laughed,” It’s very crude, but he’s dodging Lu Hanwen’s offense efficiently, no?”</p>
    <p>“The viewers, who haven’t been playing Glory for long, might not be familiar with Wei Chen’s style. How can I describe it? His desire for victory is extremely strong. He doesn’t care about how he looks on stage. In order to win, he’ll always choose the most appropriate option,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin gasped with admiration.</p>
    <p>To put it briefly, isn’t he just saying “he’ll do anything to win”? But from the way Li Yibo described it, this sort of unpleasant remark was transformed into high praise.</p>
    <p>“Lu Hanwen is playing adorably too, haha!” Pan Lin quickly went along with Li Yibo. It was a playoffs match that could end a team’s season, yet he unexpectedly threw out the word “adorable” as a description. That was the reality of things though. Wei Chen and Lu Hanwen, one old and one young, were running around a rock as if it were a children’s game. The word “adorable” was quite a fitting adjective, no?</p>
    <p>“Yu Wenzhou is very calm. It looks like he has no intentions of getting involved,” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“Uh, I think he’s probably considering the overall situation. Not all of Happy’s members have acted yet!” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“Let’s take a look at the situation over there…” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>Watching two people run around in circles wasn’t very exciting. The hyped showdown between Blue Rain’s two Warlocks of different generations never occurred. As the scene switched to the other end of the battlefield, Pan Lin and Li Yibo were starting to lose interest in it.</p>
    <p>“Zheng Xuan is providing cover for Huang Shaotian’s retreat,” Pan Lin started with the central theme of the battle taking place here.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Although Zheng Xuan’s Spitfire wasn’t as colorful as Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms style, every Spitfire drew on it to a certain extent. Zheng Xuan provided a cover of bright light for Troubling Rain, while attacking Ye Xiu and Fang Rui to slow down their pursuit.</p>
    <p>“You bastard, you’re so enthusiastic today!” The pressure on Huang Shaotian had lessened significantly. The usually washed out Zheng Xuan was currently very focused, which made him feel even more gratified. Sure enough, every member of Team Blue Rain was someone who could be counted on!</p>
    <p>“HS” Zheng Xuan replied with just two letters, but those familiar with him immediately recognized it as his favorite two words.</p>
    <p>“How stressful? Is that it? No need to be so stressed!” Xu Jingxi’s Soul Speaker was nearby. Troubling Rain and Bullet Rain were both inside his healing range. He had confidence that as long as he wasn’t disturbed, he could preserve their lives. If it wasn’t for them not having a full picture of Happy’s arrangements, Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain could turn around and counterattack with the support from Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain and his Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>But without enough information, fighting a battle that could determine the winner would not be a wise decision. As a result, Blue Rain did their usual tactic: defend first and then counterattack.</p>
    <p>Thus, with help from Zheng Xuan and Xu Jingxi, Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain steadily retreated. Just when it looked like he would join up with Bullet Rain, a powerful beam of light descended from the sky.</p>
    <p>Satellite Beam!</p>
    <p>This attack had come out of nowhere. However, Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xian reacted quickly, promptly dodging to the side. The Satellite Beam crashed to the surface of the ground, sending up billows of sand. Four smaller beams split off and rotated, sweeping up even more sand. The sand unexpectedly gave the Satellite Beam an additional effect, sending clouds of sand into the air. Traces of the Satellite Beam’s path could be seen. The rhythm between Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan had been sent into disarray.</p>
    <p>Satellite Beam? Launcher? Su Mucheng?</p>
    <p>So Happy is without a healer?</p>
    <p>That was the first thought that flashed into Huang Shaotian’s mind. Afterwards, he looked at the rooftop of a dilapidated building. Because of the attack, Dancing Rain had exposed her position.</p>
    <p>Then, only Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash remained.</p>
    <p>Where was he?</p>
    <p>After the Ice Boundary, he disappeared. Was he waiting for an opportunity to mount a sneak attack, or had he run off to trade places with the healer?</p>
    <p>No matter the case, this was a golden opportunity! The other side didn’t have a healer. Blue Rain could go on the offensive and force trades with Happy to lower their health!</p>
    <p>Opportunity!</p>
    <p>This was an opportunity!</p>
    <p>Glory’s greatest opportunist began to fire up facing this opportunity. He forgot about the exhaustion from facing Happy alone, replacing it with a burning passion.</p>
    <p>“Counterattack!” Huang Shaotian roared in the chat, directly using the word counterattack to show just how great his determination was. After typing out these words, his Troubling Rain turned around and headed towards Lord Grim and Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>“Zheng Xuan, follow me! Healer, provide cover!” Huang Shaotian quickly gave out orders.</p>
    <p>On the battlefield, the captain had the highest authority, but the shotcaller couldn’t micromanage every player down to the details like marionettes. In particular, Team Blue Rain’s captain was limited by his hand speed. They had never witnessed their screens being flooded from commands given by their shotcaller like Thunderclap’s Xiao Shiqin did. What they most often saw instead was Huang Shaotian flooding the screen with trash talk.</p>
    <p>Because of this reason, Team Blue Rain required each member to have strong tactical awareness. In situations without many orders from their captain, the team members had to coordinate and make decisions on their own to achieve Yu Wenzhou’s strategic goal.</p>
    <p>And this time, Yu Wenzhou’s strategic goal was to provide cover for Huang Shaotian’s retreat and then reconvene with the rest of the team. But now, Huang Shaotian made a change to it and blew the horn for a counterattack.</p>
    <p>There was no time for a discussion. Seeing that Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain had already turned around, even if Zheng Xuan and Xu Jingxi had different thoughts, they had no choice but to coordinate with Huang Shaotian. Team Blue Rain was just like this. They would always choose to advance or retreat together.</p>
    <p>The two sides crossed fire.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan and Xu Jingxi immediately understood Huang Shaotian’s intentions. Happy didn’t seem to have a healer, so the two instantly became bolder. But where was Happy’s fifth player? Had he gone to switch with their healer? Or was he waiting somewhere for them to fall for a trap?</p>
    <p>The two became aware of this issue. They paid attention to the terrain and the movements of Ye Xiu and Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>2v2.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Fang Rui had support from Su Mucheng’s Launcher. Huang Shaotian and Zhueng Xuan had support from Xu Jingxi’s Paladin.</p>
    <p>Happy had the stronger offense, but the defense provided by Blue Rain’s healer made up for it. In the end, the one who would deal more damage would be Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou still didn’t make a move. When Huang Shaotian made the call to counterattack, he continued to calmly observe the situation.</p>
    <p>Where was Happy’s fifth player?</p>
    <p>He was still concerned about this issue. He went over the terrain again and again in his mind, but he couldn’t think of a place where a Phantom Demon could launch an explosive ambush. This place was an ancient city, but because it was in ruins, it was all out in the open. In this environment, there wasn’t a location where a Phantom Demon could instantly lock up the place with ghost boundaries.</p>
    <p>As a result, if a Phantom Demon were to make a move, it should have happened long ago. An ambush was not a smart decision. In this situation, a Phantom Demon wasn’t enough to make up for the loss of a healer.</p>
    <p>The Phantom Demon should have gone to trade places with the healer. In that case, this really is a great opportunity.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou finally made his mind. He wouldn’t stay on the defense and be their final path of retreat. However, who would have thought that at this moment, Wei Chen’s Windward Formation would suddenly make his move.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation hadn’t broken away from Lu Hanwen’s Flowing Cloud. He had someone at his heels already, yet now he wanted to add in Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar to the fight? 1v2?</p>
    <p>The spectators were stunned.</p>
    <p>Was Wei Chen really that incredible? A player who could 1v2 two All-Star players?</p>
    <p>But soon afterwards, because he had been busy attacking Swoksaar, he didn’t have time to dodge Flowing Cloud’s attack. Windward Formation crashed to the ground, tumbling away.</p>
    <p>What’s going on?</p>
    <p>Everyone frowned. This Wei Chen didn’t seem to have the ability to 1v2? What was he thinking?</p>
    <p>But then, they saw Windward Formation continue rolling as if he couldn’t stop rolling, all the way until he vanished.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen had been surprised because the attack had connected too easily. When he came back to his senses, he hastily gave chase.</p>
    <p>“Watch out!!” Seeing Windward Formation roll out of sight, Yu Wenzhou immediately gave a warning.</p>
    <p>But in the end, he was still a half beat too late.</p>
    <p>Hexagram Prison.</p>
  </body>
</html>
