<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1500 - I Need to Complete It</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1500 - I Need to Complete It</h1>
    <p>Several shadow spectres coiled around Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Grasping Ghosts. It dealt damage over time and amplified the damage dealt by the Warlock. When the skill ended, the Warlock would be healed 33% of the total damage dealt to the target during the duration of the skill.</p>
    <p>It was a skill that dealt damage, debuffed the target, and healed the user. When it first came out, everyone thought it was a completely broken skill. However, after some time, people figured out that while the skill wasn’t bad. It wasn’t broken because the effects of the skill were rather weak.</p>
    <p>Even so, it was a must-have skill for Warlocks. Wei Chen knew that he was guaranteed to land a hit, so he started with this skill before continuing his assault.</p>
    <p>Chaotic Rain continued. Han Wenqing looked completely helpless.</p>
    <p>Was he going to keep getting played like a trapped animal?</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans burst out in fury. When had their captain ever suffered such humiliation?</p>
    <p>Jump!</p>
    <p>Everyone thought to themselves.</p>
    <p>So what if you became Confused? The outcome is going to be bad anyways, but being trapped like this and getting trampled on was too stifling. From their understanding of Han Wenqing, they didn’t think Han Wenqing would be willing to resign himself to this kind of fate.</p>
    <p>However, Desert Dust didn’t move…</p>
    <p>Shadow Flames!</p>
    <p>Windward Formation cast another spell. Dark purple flames began to whirl around Desert Dust. These 6 seconds of flames didn’t only burn down Desert Dust’s health, but the hearts of every Tyranny fan as well.</p>
    <p>Why isn’t he jumping?</p>
    <p>They couldn’t understand.</p>
    <p>The Desert Dust in front of them was slowly drifting away from the Desert Dust in their hearts.</p>
    <p>“What self-control!” Fang Rui sighed.</p>
    <p>“Yeah,” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>Not only had Han Wenqing learned the word “retreat”, he became even more unyielding. His style had changed to the extent that those familiar with him couldn’t recognize it anymore. On the playoffs stage, these changes only became more apparent.</p>
    <p>“How surprising! I thought you’d jump!” Wei Chen poked at his weak spot.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing didn’t reply. In the meantime, Windward Formation started casting his third spell.</p>
    <p>With the duration of Chaotic Rain, he knew that his third skill would land. Darkness ripped apart the air.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation had summoned Death’s Door!</p>
    <p>How shameless!</p>
    <p>Countless people cursed in their hearts.</p>
    <p>In terms of ruthlessness, there was nothing to pick at. Wei Chen’s methods didn’t carry a shred of restraint. He wanted to annihilate his opponent.</p>
    <p>The tear appeared in the sky, revealing an imposing Death’s Door. The Chaotic Rain stopped.</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>A figure jumped from a window sill.</p>
    <p>Who else could it be but Desert Dust? He had been forced into a location that would provide cover from Chaotic Rain and then forcefully tanked two skills. He had looked completely helpless at the time. But when the last drop of rain fell, he immediately jumped.</p>
    <p>The Death’s Door next to him? It was as if Han Wenqing couldn’t see it. Desert Dust went straight for Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>Determined and decisive without any hesitation. In this instant, the Han Wenqing that everyone was familiar with had returned. Tyranny’s fans didn’t have time to adjust their emotions, involuntarily letting out a cheer.</p>
    <p>Tendrils of darkness extended out from Death’s Door, its target even bumping into it as it scurried away. The darkness immediately gave chase.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing ignored it. Desert Dust used the wall as a foothold and continued jumping. Keep charging forward even if the darkness behind him was in pursuit.</p>
    <p>The fans of Tyranny stood up from their seats. They had completely forgotten about their indignation a few seconds ago from seeing Desert Dust cowering under that window.</p>
    <p>Punch!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust had swung his fist.</p>
    <p>And Windward Formation?</p>
    <p>Windward Formation wasn’t able to escape in time. To attack Desert Dust, he had dropped down from his original position, moving closer to where his target was. This change in position became Han Wenqing’s opportunity to attack. This decisiveness and ferocity had been outside of Wei Chen’s expectations. He had calculated that Death’s Door would be cast the moment Chaotic Rain ended. He had thought that there was enough time but now, he discovered that what he thought was enough was far from it in front of Han Wenqing’s valor.</p>
    <p>Just a bit more, and the tendrils of darkness would catch Desert Dust, but it was too late. Desert Dust’s fist had already reached Windward Formation.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Hit.</p>
    <p>A solid punch had landed.</p>
    <p>However, the slight pause from the punch was enough for the darkness to catch Desert Dust. The tendrils quickly coiled around him.</p>
    <p>Was this punch just to vent his anger?</p>
    <p>Everyone thought to themselves. But for Tyranny’s fans, even if it was just that, it felt incredibly satisfying. To them, the journey was more important than the destination.</p>
    <p>But Han Wenqing’s thoughts weren’t so simple.</p>
    <p>After the punch landed, Desert Dust grabbed with his two hands.</p>
    <p>Back Throw!</p>
    <p>Windward Formation had been grabbed by him, and Desert Dust had been grabbed by Death’s Door. Both of them were dragged away.</p>
    <p>The two were dragged together towards the Death’s Door, which then burst into a cloud of darkness.</p>
    <p>Death’s Door had accomplished its mission and disappeared. The two dropped from the sky.</p>
    <p>One on top, one below.</p>
    <p>One slow, one fast.</p>
    <p>The faster one was Windward Formation. Although he wasn’t affected by Death’s Door, the Back Throw wasn’t something the Death’s Door could interrupt.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust was able to complete the Back Throw, flinging Windward Formation crashing down. As a result, Windward Formation fell faster.</p>
    <p>On the other hand, Desert Dust took the damage from Death’s Door before free-falling down.</p>
    <p>While in the air, Desert Dust assumed an offensive posture.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was helpless though.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation wasn’t free-falling. He had been tossed by Back Throw. Before he hit the ground, he would be in a Stunned state.</p>
    <p>He could only watch as Desert Dust raise his foot, Eagle Stamp! Desert Dust dove down as if he were an eagle catching its prey. However, Windward Formation could do nothing.</p>
    <p>Sigh…</p>
    <p>Wei Chen let out a gentle sigh.</p>
    <p>I was too slow.</p>
    <p>If he had reacted faster or put in the inputs faster, perhaps that punch wouldn’t have landed or he might have been able to dodge the Back Throw. In either case, he wouldn’t be in his current predicament!</p>
    <p>While Stunned, he could only watch as the Eagle Stamp came towards him. The instant the skill effect ended, would he be able to dodge in time?</p>
    <p>Wei Chen felt a tremble in his heart. His fingers were starting to go stiff.</p>
    <p>It was another contest of reaction speed and hand speed! That was what he was most afraid of and what he was weakest at.</p>
    <p>But that’s the only way to get out of this predicament!</p>
    <p>If he was hit by the Eagle Stamp and let Han Wenqing close in onto him, his fate would be sealed.</p>
    <p>Focus!</p>
    <p>Wei Chen grit his teeth. He was no longer looking at Desert Dust, but carefully feeling Windward Formation’s condition. The instant the Stun ended, he would immediately act.</p>
    <p>I can move!</p>
    <p>All of these thoughts happened in an instant. Wei Chen felt that the Stun had worn off. In that instant, his mind was blank. He had forgotten about the match, he had forgotten what he was doing. He only had one thought: complete it, complete this input.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation raised his two hands in front of him…</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust’s Eagle Stamp was kicked Windward Formation’s chest.</p>
    <p>“OHhh!!…” Tyranny’s fans cheered for a moment before abruptly stopping.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation poofed into smoke and dispersed into the air as Desert Dust continued to fall…</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing turned around.</p>
    <p>Windward Formation was back on the wall on the side of the manor.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>I did it!</p>
    <p>Wei Chen’s heart was beating intensely. The lingering fear from the narrow escape from death made his whole body turn soft. It was just a low-level skill, but because of the focus he had put in, he felt like collapsing from exhaustion.</p>
    <p>But it’s not over yet! The battle had only just begun.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen immediately continued. Windward Formation started casting another spell from the wall.</p>
    <p>Soul Slice!</p>
    <p>A blade of darkness cut through the air.</p>
    <p>In this situation, at this distance, Wei Chen didn’t think of using a high-level skill for a set-up. He simply wanted to take advantage of the fact that Desert Dust was in the air and could not dodge, so he could deal some damage.</p>
    <p>He predicted where Desert Dust would land and aimed his Soul Slice. However, Eagle Stamp wasn’t as simple as just a stomp.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing saw Windward Formation casting a spell and immediately finshed his Eagle Stamp.</p>
    <p>Pa pa pa!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust stepped in the air three times. He didn’t hit his target, but he used these steps to slow his speed down a little bit.</p>
    <p>But… it still hit in the end.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was a crafty old fox! This little trick wasn’t going to mess him up.</p>
    <p>But apart from damage, the Soul Slice didn’t do anything else. Desert Dust landed on the ground and darted towards the manor in pursuit. As for Windward Formation? He was once again climbing towards the roof in a fluster.</p>
    <p>We’re not going to see a repeat of what we just saw, right?</p>
    <p>Many of the viewers started to worry.</p>
    <p>“No.” Li Yibo dispelled these doubts from the audience.</p>
    <p>“His skills aren’t off cooldown yet. How could we get a repeat so soon?” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“Of course, he can’t use the same skills, but does he have the tools to do something similar as before?” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>“Uh…” Li Yibo thought carefully about the Warlock’s kit. It shouldn’t be possible, right? He wasn’t certain though, so he didn’t say it.</p>
  </body>
</html>
