<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1265: The So-Called Magician</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1265: The So-Called Magician</h1>
    <p>Wang Jiexi!</p>
    <p>Don't mention the players on the field, even the audience who had the omniscient view felt that Vaccaria's sudden violent arrival was shocking and bizarre. Truly, every single confrontation on field was a dazzling blur, from the cover of Ye Xiu's Lord Grim to his charging out from a Heavenly Lightning Earthen Fire. Even the slightest change could affect everything. The players of the two teams one by one entered a chaotic exchange of attacking and defending.</p>
    <p>The nonstop changes were dizzying for the audience to watch, and in the process of this, Wang Jiexi and Tang Hao were the two players that hadn't entered the chaotic brawl. And so, the presence of these two players was overlooked to some extent. The ones more absorbed in the fight almost forgot that these two players were still fighting, until now, when Vaccaria suddenly plunged from the sky, with an arcing trajectory that seemed to trail stardust, and a Broom Tornado came down fiercely upon One Autumn Leaf's back.</p>
    <p>Vaccaria had arrived!</p>
    <p>Only now did everyone remember this person's existence, and they thought of the opponent he had been tangled with just earlier.</p>
    <p>The live audience was fortunate, as the immersive projection system made a huge difference in watching the battle live versus watching the television broadcast. They had a full aerial view of the entire battle. But this time, even they had forgotten to pay attention to that area, until now.</p>
    <p>The audience turned their views, the television broadcast cut to a different camera, the target: Demon Subduer.</p>
    <p>And so, in the eyes of the audience, in the camera view of the broadcast, Demon Subduer, the number one Brawler of Glory, a character that had reached the peak thanks to Tang Hao's upgrade, was currently pathetically collapsed on the ground.</p>
    <p>What in the world had happened?</p>
    <p>Everyone was engulfed by curiosity to the extreme, and the pain of the television broadcasters was great, for the current battle was progressing quite ferociously, and there was no way for them to cut back and show a replay.</p>
    <p>"Show it in a small screen!" one of the senior workers shouted.</p>
    <p>Thus, those that were watching the broadcast could now see in the lower corner of their screen a smaller display, replaying the events that had just occurred for everyone to see.</p>
    <p>No viewer objected to this, because they too were intensely curious as to what had transpired between Wang Jiexi and Tang Hao.</p>
    <p>As for the live viewers? They couldn't see a replay with the projection system, but the display screens didn't interfere with what was currently going on as they too showed the replay for everyone.</p>
    <p>Everyone watched… In reality, it wasn't very long, it was just from when Lord Grim helped cover Desert Dust to when Vaccaria sent One Autumn Leaf flying. This entire process hadn't taken very long.</p>
    <p>And during that chaotic pile of fighting, what happened between Wang Jiexi and Tang Hao was actually very simple. It could be summarized in one sentence: Tang Hao was completely crushed by Wang Jiexi.</p>
    <p>Although this sentence was short, the amount of information it contained was truly shocking.</p>
    <p>Early on, everyone had acknowledged that Tang Hao was standing at the summit, someone who wouldn't lose to any God at the summit, past or present. But just now, in that brief period of time, he had been crushed.</p>
    <p>Crushed meant that he had utterly no ability to defend or parry. Something like that absolutely should not occur to a top God.</p>
    <p>The television broadcast didn't just immediately move on after replaying it once; they continued to use the small window to display it a second time. The live screens also didn't just replay it once, they even used split-screen to replay it again and again from different angles.</p>
    <p>This wasn't Tiny Herb's home stadium, but period of silence, the live crowd exploded with home stadium-like cheers. And this was just for a mere replay, a replay of something that had already happened.</p>
    <p>"This is…" In the broadcast, Pan Lin and Li Yibo had given up on their commentary of the match, and were instead searching for something to say about this past.</p>
    <p>"This is the true Magician!" Li Yibo reached this conclusion.</p>
    <p>Indeed, the unimaginable playstyle, the trajectories impossible to capture, the rhythms and changes like magic, these were the techniques used by Wang Jiexi in the past that earned him the title of Magician, and these were the techniques that he sacrificed for the sake of Team Tiny Herb.</p>
    <p>Now, it could be seen that Wang Jiexi had not forgotten these techniques entirely. In this All-Star Competition, in this competition where he didn't have to take up many responsibilities at all, he very casually displayed this style. And so, Tang Hao, this Season 7 debutant, someone who had never experienced the Magician style firsthand, a young player who had only seen the style in old recordings and data, was beaten down by it until he couldn't tell which way was north anymore.</p>
    <p>People understood this point, and everyone was very clear, this wasn't a difference in skill. Tang Hao simply met something that he had never experienced before. It was just like all those players who, upon encountering Lord Grim for the first time, were thrown into confusion. In a 1v1, quite a few people had been wiped out by Ye Xiu. As of now, Tang Hao had yet to meet Lord Grim, and if he did meet him, he probably wouldn't be as helpless as many of those at the beginning of the season, since half a season had already passed, after all. However, he met Wang Jiexi here, the Magician Wang Jiexi, and although he had seen him before, he hadn't studied this style closely, because everyone knew that Wang Jiexi didn't play like this anymore. But who would have expected that in this All-Star competition, this guy suddenly revived his Magician playstyle!</p>
    <p>Although the audience had some understanding of Tang Hao's encounter, they felt overall that this explosion of something that had been hidden for a long time was extremely refreshing. In an instant, Wang Jiexi became the star of the stage, and everyone began to pay attention to his performance.</p>
    <p>And Tang Hao?</p>
    <p>Of course, he was clear on why he would be beaten to this miserable extent, but with his personality, how could such a reason be acceptable enough to stabilize his heart? The instant that Demon Subduer was ultimately knocked onto the ground in a pitiful state, Tang Hao's rage was at its peak. He furiously controlled Demon Subduer to leap to his feet, turned his camera view, and saw on the other end that One Autumn Leaf had been violently hit just like him. Sun Xiang had entered the Alliance in Season 7 just like Tang Hao. The two could be said to be the brightest stars of the new generation, and at the same time were two people who had never personally experienced the Magician playstyle. The end result was unsurprising. After Vaccaria plummeted from the sky and sent One Autumn Leaf flying with a Broom Tornado, those traces of stardust continued to swirl around One Autumn Leaf's body, and very quickly, One Autumn Leaf was also sent awkwardly tumbling along the ground.</p>
    <p>Two of Team A's Gods being knocked over like this one after another of course had a large impact on the current situation. Zhou Zekai hurriedly controlled Cloud Piercer to turn his fire, the bullets flying crazily toward Vaccaria, but they only struck the residual traces left by Stardust Extermination.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai, a player from Season 5. In Season 5, Tiny Herb won the championship. At that time, Wang Jiexi had already completely shed his old style, so even Zhou Zekai hadn't personally experienced it. But he was at least closer to that era and had seen and heard more, so when Vaccaria turned and rushed toward him, Cloud Piercer wasn't instantly wiped out like Demon Subduer and One Autumn Leaf had been. Wang Jiexi's storm-like sweeping of Team A was interrupted here.</p>
    <p>However, Zhou Zekai's situation wasn't looking too good either, as he too lacked the experience to counter this style. He could only rely on his own instincts and skill to deal with Wang Jiexi, but he couldn't change the current situation.</p>
    <p>"Damn, Old Wang, you could just carry this battle by yourself!" Ye Xiu exclaimed. It seemed like a very ordinary statement of mocking and surprise, but those who were paying attention suddenly realized: even the viewers who had the omniscient view had overlooked Wang Jiexi crushing Tang Hao due to the intensity of the match. Ye Xiu, this man, who was currently very busy on the battlefield, had actually managed to notice all of this?</p>
    <p>The legend of the expert with eyes that could watch six directions at once, it was actually true!</p>
    <p>"Stop talking nonsense!" Wang Jiexi replied coldly.</p>
    <p>His saying this was of course a thousand times more powerful than anything Huang Shaotian could say. Would Team B miss seizing this opportunity before them?</p>
    <p>Tang Hao was still trying to take revenge on Wang Jiexi, but he was cut off by Han Wenqing's Desert Dust. After Vaccaria pulled away Cloud Piercer's firepower and reduced the pressure, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim was using all of his varied rapid-movement skills even as he complained about Wang Jiexi. One Autumn Leaf hadn't even managed to stand up when Lord Grim had already arrived in front of him and sent ferocious attacks toward this character who currently had the lowest health on the field. At the same time, echoing Lord Grim's attacks was the one who knew Ye Xiu best, Su Mucheng. Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain was also casting spells at this moment, covering Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng's offensive, sending continuous map-affecting spells toward that duo from Blue Rain.</p>
    <p>"Countless changes in an instant," this was the only way the situation could be described. In the blink of an eye, many people had already exchanged opponents. The only change that hadn't changed was that Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf was suffering the fiercest attacks on the battlefield. And this time, it was no longer because he was forced to do this for the sake of charging forward, it was because he had become the primary target of Team B. In a situation without a healer, with the skill of these players and the strength of their characters, the damage output was truly ferocious. But Sun Xiang's luck was fairly good, as the two people who were currently attacking him happened to be the two characters who were relatively weaker according to the statistics.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was probably the only All-Star character whose weapon had yet to reach Level 75, and was also the one with the least Silver equipment.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain's weapon was Level 75, but the upgrades of her other equipment were lacking compared to the all of the other All-Stars who'd been upgrading continuously for a year now. Sun Xiang struggled, but he was still able to keep One Autumn Leaf alive.</p>
    <p>"What a shame, your damage output's a little weak!" After Yu Wenzhou was finally able to contain Misty Rain, Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain broke through Windy Rain's blockade. He and his noise charged to Lord Grim's side.</p>
    <p>"So damn noisy, I'll just leave this to you!" Ye Xiu shouted.</p>
    <p>It was very clear to whom the first part of that statement was directed. Even people who didn't know the context could probably figure it out. But the second half? Leave it to you? Who was "you"?</p>
    <p>The audience didn't understand, the commentator and honored guest were confused. But at this moment, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim suddenly escaped from his current situation, flying like the wind toward Yu Wenzhou's Swoksaar. Wang Jiexi's Vaccaria also drew a bizarre path in the air, one that even the Great Gunner's bullets had no way of chasing, as he flew toward the target: Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>Aside from this, Dancing Rain's cannonfire and Windy Rain's spells were also targeting Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>There seemed to be only one option left for Team B's "you."</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Another Ferocious Tiger Flurry.</p>
  </body>
</html>
