<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1476 -  Protected Like a King</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1476 -  Protected Like a King</h1>
    <p>Troubling Rain and Bullet Rain had made it to the edges of the wind zone. The two characters didn’t enter it and head directly towards the three players in the middle. Instead, they continued to move forward.</p>
    <p>The length of distance traveled was according to the research Team Blue Rain had done on this map. If the two players had chosen to directly cut into the wind zone, they would be at a 90 degree angle with the strong winds. Even if they weren’t facing against the wind, their movements would still be hindered. By moving a bit more forward, they could position themselves into a better angle and borrow the wind for support.</p>
    <p>The distance and the angle had been chosen by Blue Rain’s players from their understanding of the gale in this wind zone. Troubling Rain and Bullet Rain came in from the left and the right, but they chose different angles of attack and distances. From their choices, it could be determined that the two players were at different distances from the three players inside the wind zone. As a result, they needed to attack from different positions.</p>
    <p>But at this moment, Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain appeared on this side of the battle. In theory, it didn’t matter which player she picked to target, but Su Mucheng went for Huang Shaotian. With distance between them, Launchers would obviously be more comfortable fighting against Blade Masters than Spitfires.</p>
    <p>The viewers had neglected Su Mucheng’s movements because the camera hadn’t focused on her much, but what about the players on the field? They could control where they wanted to look. This map didn’t have fog either. Had they not noticed Su Mucheng’s movements?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>In reality, all of Team Blue Rain had noticed Su Mucheng’s movements.</p>
    <p>But what could they do?</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng made clear her intentions, but no one on Team Blue Rain could do anything about it.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou and Xu Jingxi were trying to survive. Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan were responsible for breaking open the situation and could not slow down. What’s more, if they went after Su Mucheng, they would have to move in the other direction. How could they have time to do that? Then, there was Lu Hanwen. He was the only one on Blue Rain who held the initiative, but he was the foundation for Blue Rain’s comeback. He couldn’t abandon his post either.</p>
    <p>Without any good options, Blue Rain could only watch as Su Mucheng effortlessly carry out her plan. In the end, Su Mucheng had targeted Huang Shaotian, making him feel even more helpless.</p>
    <p>The battle taking place in the wind zone had become a 3v3. Through their familiarity with fighting in the wind and support from their healer, Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan felt quite confident in themselves. This was also why they didn’t feel too worried about Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>Go in!</p>
    <p>Although Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan were on opposite ends of the wind zone, they had always been in coordination. They didn’t enter the wind zone at the same time, but just entering the wind zone wasn’t their end goal. Their goal was to coordinate with each other when it came time to attack.</p>
    <p>One in the front, one in the back. One early, one late. The two characters cut into the wind zone, drawing support from the blowing wind to move faster.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>On Huang Shaotian’s side, artillery fire started being sent his way.</p>
    <p>“So trigger happy.” Huang Shaotian messaged as Troubling Rain rolled.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The shockwaves from the explosions made him roll three times. Under the effects form the wind, he almost couldn’t stop.</p>
    <p>“Haha :)” Su Mucheng responded with a smiley face to Troubling Rain’s rolling.</p>
    <p>The viewers were dumbfounded. Dancing Rain had predicted Huang Shaotian’s actions. The three Anti-Tank Missiles had been fired towards where Troubling Rain rolled to. She had considered the wind into her calculations too. They could even see the three Anti-Tank Missiles curve because of the strong wind. In the end, the missiles had accurately struck Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian felt embarrassed at getting hit by the first attack. It couldn’t be said that he had been too careless. He could only blame himself for being too familiar with the map. That roll had been instinctive. Because of the wind, he would naturally roll faster and farther, making it more effective for dodging attacks. But because he made the optimal choice, it had limited the possible mixups that could be made. Su Mucheng had guessed it and predicted that Huang Shaotian would react in this way.</p>
    <p>The shockwaves sent Troubling Rain rolling three times. Su Mucheng seized the opportunity and had Dancing Rain move. The viewers saw it clearly. Right now, Dancing Rain had the tailwind advantage, while Troubling Rain had the headwind disadvantage…</p>
    <p>Everyone knew what this meant. Su Mucheng had seized the most favorable position. No matter how familiar Huang Shaotian was with this map, he would still have a tough time. Su Mucheng was no noob! Just being able to land that attack in these strong winds showed her knowledge of the winds.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, after Su Mucheng got into position, she immediately had Dancing Rain attack. With assistance from the wind, her cannonfire was fast and fierce. The place, where Troubling Rain used to be, instantly became scorched earth. Huang Shaotian had Troubling Rain keep dodging, which he didn’t find too difficult. But after a few steps, he made a realization.</p>
    <p>Why didn’t it feel difficult? Because Su Mucheng was intentionally leaving him openings to go towards! If he took those openings, of course he would find it easy. But if he went along with Su Mucheng’s arrangements, Troubling Rain would be pushed out of the wind zone and his time here would have been wasted.</p>
    <p>“Don’t count your chickens before they’ve hatched!” Huang Shaotian typed as he moved.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Sword light lit up in the wind. Huang Shaotian had planned on using it to initiate the fight with Fang Rui and Steamed Bun, but it looked like he had no choice but to use it now.</p>
    <p>The three rays of sword light looked like one due to the wind. Su Mucheng chased after Huang Shaotian, but because of the changes in the wind, Troublin Rain’s movements were difficult to grasp. Su Mucheng had adapted somewhat to the strong wind, but not to the extent that Huang Shaotian had. She wasn’t able to figure out exactly how the wind affected Troubling Rain. As a result, her attacks missed. With just a Triple Slash, Troubling Rain was able to escape from Su Mucheng’s firing line. It looked to be a simple maneuver, but it came from hours of practice on this map.</p>
    <p>Unable to catch him, Su Mucheng wasn’t dispirited. She continued to have Dancing Rain move, maintaining her positional advantage over Troubling Rain. Triple Slash had to end eventually. The moment the third slash came out, Dancing Rain began attacking again.</p>
    <p>How annoying…</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian couldn’t help but glance at Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain. The two needed to hurry and convene. Bullet Rain’s range would allow him to restrict Su Mucheng to a certain extent. Otherwise, if he kept on allowing Su Mucheng to do as she pleased, he would be killed sooner or later, let alone be able to rescue Soul Speaker.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan noticed Troubling Rain looking towards him. He immediately understood what Huang Shaotian wanted. That side needed help.</p>
    <p>But he went along his current route, Bullet Rain would be downwind from Dancing Rain. He would be at a disadvantage too!</p>
    <p>He needed to adjust his angle.</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain had reached a position which he could attack, but he had to assist Huang Shaotian. As a result, he threw a grenade at Boundless Sea and Steamed Bun Invasion, while searching for a better position to fight Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>“It’s up to you!” Fang Rui suddenly typed into the chat.</p>
    <p>What now?</p>
    <p>Everyone was puzzled. Then, they saw Boundless Sea grab Soul Speaker and throw him to the side, getting everyone out of the range of Bullet Rain’s grenade. Then, Boundless Sea turned around, assuming that incomparably ugly posture, and start moving in the wind.</p>
    <p>This bastard…</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan saw his actions. Fang Rui was planning on disrupting his plans. Whoever struck first would gain the upper hand. As a result, Zheng Xuan used the wind to his advantage and started firing at Boundless Sea.</p>
    <p>Qi Guard!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had been attacking Soul Speaker, so he hadn’t used any defensive skills. The bullets were all blocked by the Qi Guard. Although the shield was quickly broken, Boundless Sea was able to use this time to move forward quite a bit.</p>
    <p>Moreover, by crouching low, Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea was less affected by the headwind, so he moved faster than he normally did under these circumstances.</p>
    <p>“Leave this to me. Take care of him, Steamed Bun!” Fang Rui typed in the chat.</p>
    <p>“Heh, I’ve been waiting for those words,” Steamed Bun replied as if they had intentionally been going easy on Soul Speaker. In reality, that wasn’t the case. The two hated Soul Speaker’s full set of plate armor. If Soul Speaker had been a Cleric instead, the two would have had a much easier time.</p>
    <p>1v1?</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi’s eyes lit up.</p>
    <p>1v1, and he was against Steamed Bun, who would sometimes confuse himself. Xu Jingxi suddenly saw hope of escaping without any help.</p>
    <p>Opening!</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly let out an opening. Xu Jingxi was overjoyed. Just as Soul Speaker was about to rush out, when he took his first step, he was suddenly met with a heavy blow, stopping him from moving.</p>
    <p>How?</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi was astonished. No matter how fast Steamed Bun was, he couldn’t have attacked from that angle. This is?</p>
    <p>He looked around and saw Boundless Sea finishing up a move.</p>
    <p>Qi Blade!</p>
    <p>It had come from Boundless Sea’s Qi Blade.</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi felt gloomy again. Steamed Bun might have his weaknesses, but his teammates knew that, so they would look after Steamed Bun very seriously. As soon as Steamed Bun let out an opening, Fang Rui patched it up.</p>
    <p>No…</p>
    <p>Not just Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi was a healer and had excellent observational skills. He looked around and discovered that it wasn’t just Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain and Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim were all within range to provide assistance to Steamed Bun.</p>
    <p>This guy… how lucky…</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi thought to himself. How could he not! A rookie had three All-Stars protecting him as if he were a king just because he would sometimes go off the rails…</p>
    <p>Happy was also a team that was good at making up for individual flaws!</p>
    <p>Xu Jingxi suddenly felt a sense of deja vu from Happy.</p>
  </body>
</html>
