<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1121: The Troubled Lin Jingyan</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1121: The Troubled Lin Jingyan</h1>
    <p>To save or not to save, that was the question!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan was uncertain what to do in such a situation.</p>
    <p>Currently, Dark Thunder could easily run away, but Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had been trapped in a corner and was doomed. However, was he alone enough to save Dazzling Hundred Blossoms from the four members of Happy who had Ye Xiu in command? Lin Jingyan doubted it.</p>
    <p>"Forget about me! You run first!" In this crucial moment, it was Zhang Jiale who made the decision for him.</p>
    <p>"Huh?" Steamed Bun was confused. "How come he's like Misty Rain's little girls?"</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was enraged. How dare they mock his heroic and sacrificial act!</p>
    <p>"He really is like them," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Die!" Zhang Jiale didn't know that some of what he had just said really had been a repeat of what Misty Rain's sisters had said, taking it as mockery from Ye Xiu and Steamed Bun, and wanted to risk it all in one final wave of attacks. But the four, in addition to the attacks directed over from the Ghost King, instantly suppressed him. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Rest in peace!" Ye Xiu said as Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was finally defeated. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>On the other side, Lin Jingyan had already ran for it with Zhang Jiale's heroic decision. If they were both wiped up just now, Han Wenqing and the other two probably wouldn't have an easy time fighting once they came over. Yet now, he had managed to escape and could take this chance to recover a little, By the time the other three arrived, they would be fighting four on four and had a good chance of winning. The current Happy really didn't have a healer anymore, not even a cheerleader healer. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Dark Thunder hurriedly ran for it, settling down to one side to eat and drink to recover while keeping an eye on the situation. </p>
    <p>After killing Dazzling Hundred Blossoms, Happy didn't seem to have the intention to pursue him, turning back to the Ghost King. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>This Ghost King was immense in size, with curled horns protruding from its head and red eyes. It dealt physical damage with a rock-shattering swing of its claws, and magic damage with swift blasts of energy from its mouth. It was clearly a powerful foe. However, Happy clearly wasn't unfamiliar with this Ghost King anymore. They had figured out the Ghost King's strategy, to the point where Ye Xiu could use it as a summons. </p>
    <p>All the different monsters that the system controlled were nothing to pro players. After all, the online game was immensely popular amongst the general populace and tailored to normal players. No matter how hard it would get, it would be easy to adapt to for pros. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Will they make it in time?" Lin Jingyan's original worries returned. This wasn't a problem of if they could win or not, but if Tyranny's other players could arrive in time. Han Wenqing and the other three had gone in a completely opposing direction from Zhang Jiale and Lin Jingyan in the very beginning. Then, the three had split up even further as they searched, so they were currently very far from one another. </p>
    <p>Looking at the Ghost King's health and then asking after the other three's positions, Lin Jingyan found that they really might not make it in time. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>He had to do something.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan's Dark Thunder crept out again. If he faced them head on, then he would lose for sure. However, if he stayed idle, that wouldn't be good either. He could only cautiously circle over. He had to find a way to do some damage, even if it meant directing a few attacks to himself, that would still help to lower their DPS.</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder came closer, and Happy's four ignored him.</p>
    <p>Currently, he was definitely within Dancing Rain's attack range, at least, but Dancing Rain didn't even send a single missile towards him. Happy's four focused on attacking the Ghost King.</p>
    <p>Closer, even closer... </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>He continued to creep closer until, finally, some of his skills were in range.</p>
    <p>Happy's four continued to ignore him.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn't have the time to spare for further consideration. He was already here, so he should at least try.</p>
    <p>Thus, Dark Thunder raised his hand and threw a Brick, aiming at the back of Soft Mist's head.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist dodged to the side and the Brick flew past. Lin Jingyan was about to follow up with a second attack to completely mess up Ye Xiu's rhythm, but then he saw his Brick smash into the Ghost King. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan coughed blood.</p>
    <p>Bricks weren't the strongest skill, but this strike enlightened him to Ye Xiu's possible intentions.</p>
    <p>This guy… First he lured the Ghost King's attacks and dodged, resulting in the Ghost King's attacks hitting Zhang Jiale's Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. Now he was baiting Lin Jingyan's attacks and then dodging, letting the attacks hit the Ghost King. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Damn you! You think I'm your summon!?</p>
    <p>After Lin Jingyan finished coughing blood, he still had to figure something out.</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder began to reposition himself as Lin Jingyan tried to find a position where Soft Mist wasn't directly between him and the Ghost King. Otherwise, if his attacks missed, they'd hit the Ghost King.</p>
    <p>However, Ye Xiu didn't give up either. Soft Mist followed Dark Thunder's movements, keeping him behind her. </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan wanted to cry. He was circling around from some distance away. The radius of his circular path was so long while Soft Mist's was so short. He had to take several steps, but the other only needed one. He still hadn't managed to throw the other off after so long.</p>
    <p>Of course, Soft Mist wasn't Lin Jingyan's only possible target. Happy had four. No matter who he attacked, it would be enough to cause chaos and pull down their DPS. However, the problem was that the only target Dark Thunder could reach right now was Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain didn't need to close in to attack and stayed far away, sending missile after missile over. If Dark Thunder wanted to attack her, he would have a to walk quite a bit to get there.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun and Deception were currently behind the Ghost King. That meant that those two, the Ghost King, and Soft Mist stood in a straight line. Then, when Ye Xiu repositioned himself, the two would cooperate. With that, they were constantly hidden behind the Ghost King. With Dark Thunder circling around, he didn't have an angle to attack. Even if he did, a Brawler didn't have such a long attack range.</p>
    <p>"What accurate calculations!" Lin Jingyan felt pretty helpless and could only say something to try and distract them. Then, Dark Thunder came closer. He couldn't not come closer. At this distance, he was being completely suppressed.</p>
    <p>After getting closer, the radius of his path was much smaller. Lin Jingyan didn't believe that he couldn't succeed here.</p>
    <p>Turn, move!</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder's figure swerved, beginning to move around again. As expected, Soft Mist followed his rhythm, turning. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>No matter what, Soft Mist's circular path had a smaller radius than his, so keeping up was easy. However, could you be certain that this continuous circling wouldn't impact your DPS?</p>
    <p>This was the first problem Lin Jingyan threw at Happy. Logically speaking, at a pro level, maintaining DPS while moving about wasn't a problem. It wasn't hard to keep up. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>However, there was a second problem.</p>
    <p>This time, Dark Thunder didn't keep a set rhythm to his circling. Sometimes he'd go left, sometimes right, sometimes quickly, sometimes slow. This wasn't done randomly either. Lin Jingyan was keeping a close eye on Happy's attack rhythm and picking the most debilitating moments to move.</p>
    <p>This problem was much harder to solve. Happy's members had to keep a good grasp on their rhythm as well.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu could probably do this, but Steamed Bun and Mo Fan couldn't always keep up under the changing rhythm, occasionally tripping up on their mechanics. Happy's DPS rhythm was finally being affected. To outsiders, all Lin Jingyan was doing was circling around. He wasn't attacking at all. Only other pro level players, with their experience, would be able to understand the debilitating effect this had on Happy's attack rhythm.</p>
    <p>"Looks like you're asking for it!" With a yell, Soft Mist whirled around suddenly.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan's Dark Thunder hurriedly darted away like a rabbit, but then realized that Soft Mist was still attacking the Ghost King and hadn't pursued him at all.</p>
    <p>Tricked again!</p>
    <p>However, Lin Jingyan was in a good mood and wasn't frustrated at this at all, immediately darting back over. He still kept his distance, cautious. He didn't dare get too close, if he was really caught by the other, then that wouldn't spell anything good for him. Though it seemed like he was just circling around, this was quite a pain for Lin Jingyan as well. He had to observe the three's attack rhythm while keeping an eye on Dancing Rain in the distance. He had to disrupt Happy's attack rhythm while also carefully protecting himself. He didn't know how long he would be able to last. This wasn't an easy task; why else would he wait for Zhang Jiale in the first place? He would deal with this alone if he could. He had waited because he knew that the risk was rather high. Now, he had been forced to this point and carried out his task with 120 percent. Currently, it had some effect, but only a little. Happy's attack rhythm was only being weakened, but not completely disrupted. Under this sort of harassment, their DPS wouldn't be affected all that much. Lin Jingyan didn't know if it was enough. He was currently rapidly trying to come up with more ideas. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"You again!!" As he was deep in contemplation, a loud yell sounded beside his ear. Lin Jingyan, startled, darted away again sunconsciously. But it turned out that Ye Xiu was just bluffing. Soft Mist hadn't moved at all.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn't know if he should cry or laugh. Even he wasn't used to this sort of bluff. This was because pro matches didn't have voice, so there wouldn't be this sort of jump-scare of a distraction. The effect of the same words sent into the chat was incomparable with a yell on voice. If it was just a message sent to the chat, Lin Jingyan would focus more on Soft Mist's movements instead of acting with what he heard and subconsciously running.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan, feeling rather helpless, once again had Dark Thunder run back over. Yet he hadn't even began circling when he saw Soft Mist's figure swerve to the side.</p>
    <p>Huh?</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan was stunned for a moment. They weren't in line anymore; he could attack!</p>
    <p>He hadn't even gotten the chance to attack when a black shadow sped in front of him. Some sort of skill from the Ghost King had arrived. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>He hastily had Dark Thunder dodge and when he raised his head again, another black fireball was heading his way.</p>
    <p>Was this a counterattack against him?</p>
    <p>Thinking this, Lin Jingyan once again dodged the fireball. When he looked up again, Soft Mist's spear had arrived.</p>
    <p>When he wasn't launching an attack, Ye Xiu had erupted into meaningless yelling again and again, but when he was actually charging over, he was completely silent.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn't dare to face the other head on and hurriedly retreated. This time, however, Soft Mist gave chase. As for the Ghost King, it changed targets and lumbered towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>"The aggro target switched!" Lin Jingyan was shocked, only just realizing that Happy had been doing something more during their quiet DPSing.</p>
  </body>
</html>
