<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1186: Never Happened Before</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1186: Never Happened Before</h1>
    <p>After finishing their post-match interviews, Happy's group ran into Heavenly Swords' players.</p>
    <p>Being swept 10 to 0 was truly embarrassing, and Heavenly Swords was clearly unhappy with tonight's match. However, they fulfilled the words "enemies on stage, friends off stage." They put their emotions in order and showed their hospitality as hosts to Happy.</p>
    <p>Around this time, the other matches this round were also finishing up. The highlight matches this round coincidentally ended with the home teams losing as well.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb versus Blue Rain, 4 to 6.</p>
    <p>Wind Howl versus Tyranny, 4 to 6.</p>
    <p>The powerful young Team Wind Howl tripped up against the experienced old Team Tyranny. The controversy over Tyranny finally eased after this match.</p>
    <p>Apart from these two matches, there was also Samsara versus Misty Rain, ending 9 to 1. Samsara continued onwards with their unstoppable march. During the pre-season, people had been worried about compatibility issues between Sun Xiang and Samsara, but from the looks of it, Sun Xiang's addition to the team was an exceptional move. Whether it was in the individual competitions or the team competition, Samsara's strength had improved remarkably. If their momentum stayed, Sun Xiang's and One Autumn Leaf's transfer could definitely become a classic example of an amazing transfer in the history of Glory.</p>
    <p>Apart from these powerhouses, the other powerhouse met with misfortune. Team Void had unexpectedly lost against visiting Team Miracle in their home game.</p>
    <p>The other new team this season was not as weak as the other new teams in past seasons. The former Team Excellent Era players that made up Team Miracle showed why they had once been in a powerhouse team. After being swept by Team Blue Rain 10 to 0, Team Miracle was able to win a few points every round. This round was even more of an upset.</p>
    <p>Although their 17 points at the moment was able to get them to 17th place, fourth from last, because they were a new team and because the other new team was very popular, the amount of attention towards Team Miracle was limited.</p>
    <p>When Samsara complained about their demonic match schedule this season, if anyone had taken a look at Miracle's schedule, they would have noticed that within these seven matches, Miracle had already run into Tyranny, Blue Rain, Tiny Herb, Wind Howl, Misty Rain, and Void.</p>
    <p>Demonic schedule? Team Miracle's was even worse. Despite their schedule, for their team to not even be in the relegations zone was already incredible. After this upset, Team Miracle finally received some attention. This team consisting of former Team Excellent Era players as the core had some substance to them.</p>
    <p>Apart from these matches, the rest were practically all home team victories. Only Team Parade lost as the home team 4 to 6 against Team 301.</p>
    <p>After these seven matches, Samsara remained at the top of the rankings with 58 points with Blue Rain in second. Thunderclap once again showed astonishing improvement. Thunderclap used to be a team pacing back and forth at the edge of the playoff zone. Right now, they had pushed their way to third place with 52 points, the same as Blue Rain. Fourth place, Wind Howl. Fifth place, Tiny Herb. Sixth place, Misty Rain. Seventh place, Void. Eighth place, Tyranny. Not much had changed between these eight playoff teams.</p>
    <p>Happy crushed Heavenly Swords 10 to 0. With these 10 points, they were ranked 14th with a total of 29 points, one place up from last round. The bottom two relegation teams were Seaside and Bright Green. The gap between them and the other two teams had grown even wider. The distinction between top, middle, and bottom tier teams were becoming more and more clear.</p>
    <p>That night, Happy accepted the hospitality of Heavenly Swords, who had suffered a crushing defeat by their hands. Heavenly Swords, of course, wasn't in too great of a mood. Happy didn't lose themselves just because of this long-awaited win though. At this moment, they were all concerned about one problem: Tang Rou. There was only one round remaining for her five round bet, and their opponents for this final round was Team Tiny Herb.</p>
    <p>Complete a 1v3 against Tiny Herb?　</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, looking at past data, the situation was looking extremely unfavorable. Ever since Wang Jiexi joined Team Tiny Herb, Tiny Herb had never been 1v3ed in the group arena, whether this was against the Battle God, Sword Saint, King of Fighting, or the Great Gunner. The teams with those Gods may have won the group arena in the end, but a 1v3 had never been done before by anyone.</p>
    <p>Of course, just because it had never been done before didn't mean it couldn't happen in the future. These statistics were also reported to let people know just how much of a challenge Tang Rou faced.</p>
    <p>There were obviously people who were rejoicing at her misfortune and quite a lot of them too. At Happy, the most worried was Chen Guo, of course. She was too afraid to talk to Tang Rou, fearing that her uncontrollable nervousness would infect and disturb her. Right now, she really wanted to hear a concise solution from Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"What do we do?" she asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu only shook his head. "She can only rely on herself."</p>
    <p>"There's nothing you can do?" Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>"It's not possible to have a surefire method for something like a 1v3," Ye Xiu said.　</p>
    <p>"What if… she fails? What do we do?" Chen Guo was worried!</p>
    <p>"Then it'll be her choice," Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Didn't you help her choose 5 rounds? Why didn't you say 50!" Chen Guo didn't care about Ye Xiu's previous explanation.</p>
    <p>"Be more serious!" Ye Xiu looked at her and said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was speechless. She wasn't joking though. If Ye Xiu had said 50, perhaps this matter would have just been left as banter. But then again, even if a reporter like Ruan Cheng didn't deny Happy that opportunity to regard it as a joke, Tang Rou herself might not accept it. When she really put her mind to it, she was quite scary. Chen Guo remembered when Tang Rou helped her complete the Heavenly Domain challenge. Once she had decided on doing it, she kept trying again and again, unable to be pulled away.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo let out a long sigh. She had thought of too many ifs. In the end, what had to come would come.</p>
    <p>October 25th, the eighth round of the Glory Pro League sounded. There were several powerhouse confrontations: Blue Rain vs Wind Howl, Tyranny vs Misty Rain, Samsara vs Void. However, the match chosen to be broadcast was Happy vs Tiny Herb.　</p>
    <p>1v3 in 5 rounds was the biggest topic of this match. Even though practically no one thought Tang Rou could do it, they still hoped to personally witness this moment. The broadcast team had chosen this match to comply with the popular opinion.</p>
    <p>When it was almost 8 PM, the players on both sides entered the stadium. After greeting each other, the first players in the individual competition went onto the stage. But in the commentary, they still hadn't started introducing these two players. They were still discussing Tang Rou's 1v3.</p>
    <p>"A poll on whether Tang Rou could complete this 1v3 just closed right before this match started. We can see that among the 65525 voters, 64388 voters thought that Tang Rou will not be able to achieve a 1v3. In other words, only 1137 people believed in Tang Rou, which comes out to about 1.7%, not even 2%. Coach Li, what are your thoughts?" Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"Uh… even though Happy is a new team, they're quite popular. We can see this from the number of seats filled in their home stadium. 1.7% means that many Happy supporters don't think that Tang Rou can complete it. In addition, fans don't always vote based on a logical analysis. Most of the times, they vote based on their feelings, a show of their well-wishes. However, from looking at how Happy's supporters are voting, we can see that even among their fans, Tang Rou's bold 1v3 promise is unpopular," Li Yibo started speaking.</p>
    <p>"Oh, then what are your thoughts, Coach Li?" Pan Lin asked.</p>
    <p>"Haha, the courage and confidence of young players is laudable, but they can't be too ignorant!" Li Yibo said.　　</p>
    <p>"It looks like Coach Li doesn't think highly of Tang Rou's 1v3! Okay, then I'll stand opposite to you. I'll support Tang Rou." Pan Lin laughed. His attitude was clearly just to liven up the atmosphere. It didn't mean he was a true fan.</p>
    <p>"If she can really do it, it'll be a historical moment! If I remember correctly, according to past data, Team Tiny Herb has never been 1v3ed before, right?" Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"Yes! I hope we can see this historical moment! Okay, the first round of the individual competition is about to begin. Happy will be sending out their team captain, the former owner of the Battle God One Autumn Leaf. Nicknamed the Glory Textbook, Ye Xiu is using the unspecialized Lord Grim, a character that has received much attention this season. As for Tiny Herb, they sent out their new generation Witch, the genius Gao Yingjie. This could be considered a confrontation between two generations. The map chosen is Red Plum Pavilion. Coach Li, who do you think will win?" When the match went underway, Pan Lin immediately stopped discussing the topic of Tang Rou's 1v3 and started talking about this confrontation. Asking about predictions of the outcome was a common topic for commentators. In reality, the question wasn't simply for predictions on who would win. In order to make a prediction, an introduction and analysis of the two opposing players had to be done, so it always worked as a conversation topic.</p>
    <p>"Ye Xiu is experienced, he's familiar with every class, and he uses an unspecialized. These are where his advantages lay. However, Gao Yingjie has grown into a youth that can take charge. He's young. He has energy. And to Ye Xiu, Gao Yingjie is perhaps an unfamiliar player. They have never fought before." Li Yibo was familiar with how to reply to this type of question. He lay bare the advantages that both sides possessed and didn't talk about his actual prediction. When the outcome of the match became clear, he could just follow up: See, I told you guys XX is very XXXX!</p>
    <p>As for this fight? Who would be Li Yibo's justification this time? At this moment, the two sides finally started clashing.</p>
  </body>
</html>
