<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1505 -  Waiting at the Ambush Area</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1505 -  Waiting at the Ambush Area</h1>
    <p>Was Ye Xiu trying to get a feel for the new Tyranny?</p>
    <p>After the discussion with Yu Wenzhou, Huang Shaotian began observing Lord Grim more closely.</p>
    <p>Tyranny did not react in the slightest towards his provocation, playing extremely patiently. As a result, Ye Xiu had also slowed down.</p>
    <p>Retreat. Lord Grim retreated. The pace of his retreat just happened to match the pace of Tyranny’s advance. Not everyone could see this point, or at least, when Pan Lin and Li Yibo talked about this topic, they simply said that Ye Xiu was starting to become more cautious.</p>
    <p>Yes, he was being cautious, but for what reason?</p>
    <p>To continue getting a feel for Tyranny.</p>
    <p>He had been getting a feel for their offense. Now, he was getting a feel for their defense.</p>
    <p>“He’s getting a feel for Tyranny’s tempo switch.” This time, Yu Wenzhou messaged Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>Tempo switch.</p>
    <p>Normal players might only have an idea of what it was, but pro players would immediately understand if they heard this phrase.</p>
    <p>To put it simply, it was referring to the switch in tempo between attack and defense. It couldn’t be too flat or too exaggerated. It had to be just right.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was constantly adjusting his own tempo to produce a change in Tyranny’s tempo. From this, he could grasp new information on Tyranny.</p>
    <p>“This isn’t to win the match, but to win the set.” Yu Wenzhou typed again.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian understood this point. Tyranny had constantly been rotating their roster throughout the regular season. It was only until the end of the season did the old generals of Tyranny start coming out together. However, everyone knew that those games were just as a warm-up. Their full capabilities would only be revealed in the playoffs. How had Tyranny changed over the course of this season? The only way to find out was to personally experience it, which was why Ye Xiu didn’t hesitate to take these risks alone. In terms of tactics, it was very risky. But from a strategic standpoint, it would likely prove to be useful in the future.</p>
    <p>But would Tyranny let Ye Xiu see everything so easily?</p>
    <p>The two Gunners in Tyranny suddenly rushed out again.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>The gunfire criss crossed towards Lord Grim. This time, Ye Xiu was ready. As soon as he saw the two dash out, he swiftly retreated.</p>
    <p>The broadcast rotated through the four players on Happy lying in wait.</p>
    <p>Happy’s ambush area was not far now. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was retreating towards this area. Would Tyranny walk in to the ambush?</p>
    <p>No?</p>
    <p>The two Gunners forced Lord Grim to retreat to show that he was not welcome. Tyranny had no intentions of relentlessly pursuing him. As a result, when Lord Grim retreated into the ambush area, Tyranny was still a fair distance away!</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing and Lin Jingyan didn’t move forward. Only Zhang Jiale and Qin Muyun, the two long-ranged characters, attacked from afar. The team didn’t enter into the ambush, instead using their long range to harass Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Even though Lord Grim had long-ranged attacks too, how could he compare to two genuine Gunners? There was no way he could compete with them. He could only continue retreating.</p>
    <p>Team Tyranny was unexpectedly using long-ranged classes to open their path forward, while the melee classes stayed at the back to provide support. Even so, this unconventional formation worked perfectly in this situation. Even if the long-ranged characters fell for an ambush, they wouldn’t be as deep into it as the melee characters.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had retreated deep into the ambush.</p>
    <p>The houses in the residential area were established on verdant and lush trees. Many of the houses on the trees were covered by leaves and were well-hidden. With one glance, it was obvious that this place was perfect for setting up ambushes. After Zhang Xinjie gave a warning in the chat, even Zhang Jiale and Qin Muyun stopped chasing after Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>“You’re not going to heal?” Zhang Jiale asked Ye Xiu in the public chat.</p>
    <p>“Not rush,” Ye Xiu replied. Don’t look at how he had never directly engaged in a prolonged fight with Tyranny. He had lost a considerable amount of health during his retreat. He only had 47% of his health left, not even half.</p>
    <p>He was half-dead, yet Tyranny still didn’t push forward to kill him. Their patience and perseverance were terrifying.</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock moved to the front. He looked around. Just like this, he stood outside of Happy’s ambush range and calmly observed his surroundings.</p>
    <p>“Happy’s overreaching themselves!” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>Even if this was a team competition map, it wasn’t so large that it couldn’t be explored. If Tyranny continued to slowly take in their surroundings, they would quickly see what areas to look out for. The person making the observations was the Master Tactician, Zhang Xinjie, the Zhang Xinjie who never let out an opening and never missed details.</p>
    <p>Immovable Rock suddenly raised his hands, pointing towards a direction.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms raised his arms and tossed a grenade in that direction.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The grenade flew in a beautiful arc, but halfway through, the grenade suddenly exploded. Fire rained down. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had tossed a Burst Grenade.</p>
    <p>“Haha, sorry!” Ye Xiu apologized in the public chat. On the other end of the forest, smoke rose from the tip of Lord Grim’s umbrella. He had shot down the grenade.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, Lin Jingyan raised his arm. What appeared to be a wine bottle flew in that direction.</p>
    <p>“Are you testing me?” Ye Xiu even had the time to type out a message. Lord Grim lifted his umbrella and with a bang, the wine bottle shattered into pieces. Flames rained down and spread onto the ground.</p>
    <p>“Are you trying to set the forest on fire? That’s a bit difficult,” Ye Xiu typed.</p>
    <p>The broadcast coordinated with the conversation between the players. As Ye Xiu said these words, the camera zoomed in on the fire on the ground. Sure enough, the fire produced by these skills didn’t last for long before dissipating.</p>
    <p>“A better idea would be to learn from Huang Shaotian and cut down these trees instead.” Ye Xiu suggested.</p>
    <p>“That motherfucker!” Huang Shaotian was just watching the match, and shots were being fired at him. He quickly expressed his inner resentment in the form of a message for Yu Wenzhou.</p>
    <p>Tyranny remained indifferent towards Ye Xiu’s words. Not a single person in the team replied back. Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock continued to observe his surroundings, while communicating the information he got into Tyranny’s team chat.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t know, but the viewers could see it.</p>
    <p>Not only did the viewers know what Tyranny was discussing, they even knew where the other four members of Happy were hiding. Tyranny was discussing where the other members of Happy were likely hiding at. Usually, they would analyze it based off their classes to see what locations would be most advantageous for them.</p>
    <p>The likely hiding spots of Happy’s four characters were being deduced. The viewers checked, all correct! Happy’s current hiding spots were within Tyranny’s analysis.</p>
    <p>From there, they took the analysis a step further and eliminated the less probable hiding spots.</p>
    <p>They did this step by looking at the habits and styles of each player. The player’s style would also decide what type of position best suited them.</p>
    <p>After eliminating half of the possibilities, the viewers checked again, all correct!</p>
    <p>Terrifying!</p>
    <p>Too terrifying!</p>
    <p>The stadium was completely silent. Let alone fighting, there was almost no movement whatsoever. Four little squares were sectioned off on the screen, showing each of Happy’s four characters. Whenever Tyranny mentioned the location of these Happy members, the camera would immediately zoom in on the square. The broadcast seemed to be coordinating with Tyranny’s team chat, drawing a diagram for the viewers to see.</p>
    <p>However, by doing this, the viewers felt an even stronger sense of chilliness. Tyranny’s strong logic had unraveled Happy’s ambush.</p>
    <p>After filtering out the hiding spots by player style and class, they filtered it even further by their offensive and defensive coordination, formation, etc.</p>
    <p>In the end, they concluded six possibilities for the four hiding spots. They couldn’t be certain about the two extra, but this was already incredible because Happy’s true hiding spots were all within these six possibilities. As Tyranny narrowed down the search, the audience members in the away team seats were clapping wildly. Every time the analysis was spot on, the applause would reach a new high. As for Happy’s fans? They were dead silent.</p>
    <p>Happy’s opponents stood right in front of them, unraveling Happy’s plans bit by bit, yet not a single sign of movement could be seen coming from Happy.</p>
    <p>Was this a contest of patience?</p>
    <p>But the other side isn’t competing with you in terms of patience! You guys are waiting patiently, but the other side has already completely seen through everything!</p>
    <p>If the ambush was seen through, then it was no longer an ambush. Tyranny quickly formulated an attack plan based off of their deductions.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>The sounds of gunfire.</p>
    <p>The two Gunners led the attack. They ignored Lord Grim, who was directly facing them. Instead, they aimed at trees that appeared to have noone there.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain!</p>
    <p>Tyranny just happened to attack where Dancing Rain was. They didn’t attack the important healer, nor the average-skilled rookie Luo Ji, who was coming out onto the playoffs stage for the first time. Tyranny’s first target was the experienced Su Mucheng, the Launcher who held the range advantage.</p>
    <p>It seemed to be a stupid choice, but the viewers understood the reason clearly.</p>
    <p>Because they had seen the analysis by Tyranny.</p>
    <p>There was only one reason for picking Dancing Rain as their first target: Dancing Rain’s position was the position that they were most certain of!</p>
    <p>Reliable and never making mistakes, the style of Zhang Xinjie!</p>
  </body>
</html>
