<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1627 - Stake Everything in One Throw</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1627 - Stake Everything in One Throw</h1>
    <p>An Wenyi definitely wasn’t the best in terms of technique, but his ability to assess the situation was absolutely at the top.</p>
    <p>Lu Boyuan saw that Du Ming had stayed behind to stop Fang Rui and Su Mucheng from reaching him, so he resisted the urge to turn back and rescue Du Ming. What about An Wenyi? He was in a similar situation, being protected by Ye Xiu. He didn’t hesitate and immediately had Little Cold Hands run away.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was thankful.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo didn’t like this part of An Wenyi, but Ye Xiu was quite thankful for it. A healer needed this sort of calm and rationality. In the beginning, when he first met An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands, it was his clear judgement and machine-like precision that had gotten Ye Xiu’s attention. Later on, he discovered that An Wenyi also possessed this rationality. For Ye Xiu, it was like buying one thing but getting another for free. How could he not be happy?</p>
    <p>An Wenyi didn’t lose this characteristic of his on the competitive stage. Even if he had always been regarded as Happy’s weakness, he didn’t stop trying his best to seize every opportunity he saw.</p>
    <p>He had survived in Happy as their weak point. Happy had devised strategies revolving around him as the weak point. Not only did An Wenyi not object, he cooperated with them earnestly.</p>
    <p>It was impossible for him not to feel a bit embarrassed or worried, but he was a rational person. He recognized that this was the best way to use him. That was why he didn’t object or let these emotions affect him.</p>
    <p>He was constantly trying to improve. During this process, he wanted to make himself as useful as possible to the team. Whether it was using his strengths or his weaknesses, he would find the most suitable way to coordinate with the team. If it wasn’t for his almost heartless rationality, it would be very difficult for him to achieve this goal.</p>
    <p>His rationality was the true source of his value on the team.</p>
    <p>Because of his rationality, he was able to play in a way that caught Ye Xiu’s attention out of the countless number of other players in the game.</p>
    <p>Because of his rationality, even though he wasn’t the most skilled, he knew how to do what the team needed, whether that need was a usage of his strengths or his weaknesses.</p>
    <p>Because of this rationality, he could worry but never waver when facing a difficult choice.</p>
    <p>He had persevered.</p>
    <p>Two years ago, he had been just another player in the Heavenly Domain. He was someone who couldn’t even make it to the elite ranks of Tyrannical Ambition.</p>
    <p>Two years later, he had made his way to the playoffs. Here, he eliminated Tyranny’s vice-captain, Glory’s number one healer, Zhang Xinjie. Now, he stood together with his team together in the finals, at the highest stage in Glory.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi was an extremely rational person, yet everything that had happened sounded like nonsense.</p>
    <p>The journey hadn’t been an easy one, and it only made him treasure it all the more. He treasured using everything at his disposal to help the team win.</p>
    <p>This was why he ignored whether Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim lived or died. His Little Cold Hands turned tail and ran, ran for his life.</p>
    <p>Because this was the best way for him to help Happy win.</p>
    <p>3v3?</p>
    <p>It didn’t feel like a 3v3.</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash had taken a different route than them. An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands and Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim retreated together, but during their retreat, they encountered a problem. Lord Grim had been tossed aside so that Little Cold Hands could get away. In the blink of an eye, it was Ye Xiu versus Zhou Zekai, Jiang Botao, and Sun Xiang again.</p>
    <p>For a moment, Samsara had trouble digesting this sudden change. From their understanding, An Wenyi should have stayed behind to help Lord Grim hold them off until Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash looped back around to their rescue.</p>
    <p>Based on this understanding, they had already planned out how they could take advantage of this somewhat clumsy Cleric to trouble Ye Xiu. The healer needed to be protected, after all.</p>
    <p>But that Cleric just threw Ye Xiu aside and ran away.</p>
    <p>It went against common sense. Where was the loyalty, the self-sacrifice? The three on Samsara felt uncomfortable, not at Ye Xiu’s situation, but at their own. With An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands running away, they would once again be facing Ye Xiu in a 3v1. It was the exact same situation as before. They would rather have Little Cold Hands stay behind for a 3v2. That way, they could use Little Cold Hands to hinder Lord Grim. A 3v2 would actually be easier for them.</p>
    <p>As a result, One Autumn Leaf rushed out.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was the one who wanted to surpass Ye Xiu the most, but right now, he gave up on Ye Xiu. With Cloud Piercer and Empty Waves suppressing Lord Grim, he had One Autumn Leaf chase after Little Cold Hands. The three on Samsara felt like this was better than focusing only on Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim. Ye Xiu was truly too troublesome to deal with.</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella suddenly let out a cold light. The umbrella was still floating in the air, but Lord Grim had made his way to One Autumn Leaf’s side.</p>
    <p>Shining Cut!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang wasn’t able to react to it, and the Shining Cut hit him. Even though the attack didn’t have a strong knockback, it had caught Sun Xiang off guard. One Autumn Leaf stumbled into the nearby garbage heap.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai and Jiang Botao were startled. This mixup had come as a complete surprise. Lord Grim had made his way to One Autumn Leaf’s side, but his weapon was still in its original position? Did he… throw his weapon away?</p>
    <p>Soul Guidance?</p>
    <p>Any pro player would think it was Soul Guidance when they saw a weapon being thrown, but that would be impossible! Because Lord Grim had used Shining Cut. Although Soul Guidance would toss out the weapon, it wasn’t a drop. The weapon was considered equipped, and only skills pertaining to the weapon’s class could be used. It wasn’t possible to switch weapons while using it either.</p>
    <p>But Lord Grim had clearly used a skill from a different class. If he didn’t have the right weapon equipped, it wouldn’t be possible for him to use Shining Cut.</p>
    <p>Had he brought along a second weapon?</p>
    <p>Or maybe the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella could be split into two? He dropped one half of it, but continued to use the other half?</p>
    <p>How confusing… For now, it wasn’t possible to figure out what had really happened. However, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella being dropped onto the ground was a fact. Jiang Botao reacted immediately. Empty Waves rushed towards it without regard for anything else. The only thing in his sights was the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. If could pick it up, wouldn’t Lord Grim become completely useless?</p>
    <p>Picking up the opponent’s weapon in a competitive match…</p>
    <p>It had never happened before in the Glory Alliance. No one remembered if the competitive rules had anything regarding it. Even the veteran, Li Yibo, wasn’t certain. He wasn’t sure what to say, although luckily for him, there was no time for him to say anything.</p>
    <p>Just when Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves was about to grab the umbrella, a very unfamiliar move on the competitive stage, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella suddenly flipped over. There was no thrusting motion, yet the umbrella was already pierced through Empty Waves. Lord Grim once again appeared right before him.</p>
    <p>Impossible! How could he be so fast!</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao looked to the side out of instinct. As he turned around, Lord Grim used Circle Swing.</p>
    <p>As a result, Jiang Botao saw Lord Grim again, standing where One Autumn Leaf had been. In his hands was a dagger.</p>
    <p>A shadow clone…</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao’s screen turned pitch black.</p>
    <p>Blind?</p>
    <p>No.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had thrown him into the garbage heap using Circle Swing. The garbage was physically blocking his sight.</p>
    <p>The garbage heap loosened, and Empty Waves plunged straight into it. His two legs were dangling in the air.</p>
    <p>The Samsara fans wanted to laugh, but they couldn’t. It was extremely embarrassing. On the other hand, the pro players had no pity for him. They had started roaring in laughter.</p>
    <p>“He definitely did it on purpose!!” Chu Yunxiu pointed at Lord Grim onscreen, laughing uncontrollably.</p>
    <p>Everyone agreed.</p>
    <p>Tossing the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella as bait, Shining Cut to block One Autumn Leaf, Shadow Clone Technique to get back, and then a Circle Swing to throw Empty Waves into the garbage heap. Everything had been calculated. If Ye Xiu wasn’t confident he would succeed, how could he have thrown away his character’s lifeline so easily?</p>
    <p>“Senior Ye Xiu really is brave though…”</p>
    <p>The rookies couldn’t manage to laugh. They had been frightened to death. Let alone a weapon as important as the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, the thought of throwing even a normal weapon scared them. This sort of method was truly difficult for them to accept.</p>
    <p>Even though Ye Xiu had probably calculated it all beforehand, matches were always full of twists and turns. What if the Shining Cut had missed One Autumn Leaf, and Sun Xiang counterattacked? What if while he was using Shadow Clone Technique, Cloud Piercer hit him before he finished the seals?</p>
    <p>Although none of that happened, the possibility of a mistake gave the rookies lingering fear.</p>
    <p>“That’s why they say, the truly capable are daring!” someone sighed.</p>
    <p>The truly capable are daring? Everyone fell silent. It didn’t feel quite right. The truly capable? That was a gamble risking everything!</p>
    <p>Had that moment really been that important? That he needed to stake everything in one throw?</p>
    <p>A scare and a laugh. In the end, they analyzed the play like they normally did. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim had already rushed out towards Cloud Piercer, who was standing on top of a nearby garbage heap. At the same time, the sound of cannonfire boomed.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain!</p>
    <p>She had finally arrived. Her ultra long range firepower was in coordination with Lord Grim’s assault. The Season 4, Season 5, Season 6, Season 7 Best Partners were finally pairing up for the first time in this team competition.</p>
  </body>
</html>
