<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1230: Caution at the End</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1230: Caution at the End</h1>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The missiles flew out from the chamber and towards Dancing Rain, who was on top of the watchtower.</p>
    <p>Fighting with the lower ground was very difficult, and many skills couldn't even be used. For example, Heat-Seeking Missiles would never be able to get so high and Stingers couldn't be launched so far either, otherwise these AoE attacks would easily send Dancing Rain toppling from her perch.</p>
    <p>Yang Haoxuan, with the lower ground, was at a disadvantage. However, right now, his helplessness from before had been completely swept away, his attacks determined and confident, his aim precise. Three Anti-Tank Missiles were shot towards Dancing Rain's landing point.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The three missiles exploded on the side of the watchtower just as Dancing Rain was landing. Dancing Rain, still airborne, couldn't dodge so far. The force from the three consecutive explosions threw Dancing Rain even higher. Su Mucheng hurriedly had Dancing Rain carefully bring her cannon muzzle around. She had to adjust Dancing Rain so that she could still remain on the watchtower when she landed.</p>
    <p>As expected of Su Mucheng!</p>
    <p>Yang Haoxuan fell into awe at Su Mucheng's mechanical skill, but he didn't plan on just admiring it. Translucent took out a gatling gun with a swish to follow up with another attack to the airborne Dancing Rain and send her completely off the watchtower. Currently, her Rotor Wing's wason cooldown, so there was no way she could fly back up.</p>
    <p>Ratatatatatatata…. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The sound of bullets came rapidly, the frequency was so high that it was a little unbelievable… The rpm of this skill depended on equipment stats, not mechanics. Such high rpm meant that this couldn't be a skill from Translucent.</p>
    <p>Tatatatata!</p>
    <p>The bullets formed a line, shooting out from under the watchtower. On the other end of the line was Translucent's left hand, which was holding his gun.</p>
    <p>Thud thud thud!</p>
    <p>With sound of bullets hitting flesh, blood splashed everywhere. Translucent's left hand wasn't really blasted into smithereens, but it still couldn't take the momentum. Immediately, the bullets he was shooting into the air went off target.</p>
    <p>"Damnit!" Li Xuan was depressed, cursing.</p>
    <p>Yang Haoxuan had already done very well. His amazing performance had almost succeeded in throwing Dancing Rain off from the watchtower, yet this time, it was Li Xuan and co who failed. In this most crucial time, they didn't give Yang Haoxuan the support he needed, allowing Lord Grim to destroy Translucent's offensive, with the exact same skill. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>There was only one chance!</p>
    <p>Under Su Mucheng's precise manipulation, Dancing Rain landed accurately back onto the watchtower. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"You should never neglect my presence!" Ye Xiu pointed out methodically but sarcastically. It was clear that the opening Void had given him this time was far too big. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Yes, too big.</p>
    <p>Void's members were so focused on the trouble Su Mucheng was giving them that they had forgotten Su Mucheng was always only ever a supporting character, and the person she was supporting was the true core of the team.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiiu...</p>
    <p>They had somehow forgotten Ye Xiu and given the opponent's core player such a large opening.</p>
    <p>This mistake meant that Void had to suffer the terrible consequences. Dancing Rain, back on the watchtower, immediately threw out a Stinger. The stingers rained down like flower petals thrown by a goddess, and then Gatling Gun swept over them wildly, creating small pits in the ground. Yang Haoxuan's Translucent dodged around with his heavy cannon, flowers of blood occasionally blooming on on his body.</p>
    <p>Not grasping the chance meant an even worse blow.</p>
    <p>Under Dancing Rain's cover, Happy focused everything onto offense. Tang Rou's Soft Mist broke right through the Ghost Duo's "Slash and Boundary", beginning a direct conversation with Crying Devil. Wu Yuce's Carved Ghost wanted to come to the other's support, but Crying Devil suddenly vanished from sight, Lord Grim clocking the way with his umbrella.</p>
    <p>Ge Caijie suddenly felt that this was a good chance, hurling a Sealing Talisman towards the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella. However, that was when he saw a message pop up in the chat: "Boss, careful!". A Brick smacked the back of his head and Blue Exorcist was stunned.</p>
    <p>At the same time, Li Xun's Ghost Lantern was blown flying by a Flash Burst. Li Xun had wanted to sneak attack Boundless Sea, but Fang Rui was the master of this kind of dirty play. Noticing Li Xun's intentions, Fang Rui had purposefully given the other an opening. Li Xun's Ghost Lantern had came over all delighted, but went back, ridden with internal injuries.</p>
    <p>Void's formation had been completely ruined, and the result was clear. Happy took advantage of the chaos Void had been thrown into, switching targets several times, and giving each member of Void a warm greeting.</p>
    <p>This made Void depressed.</p>
    <p>Happy, with the absolute advantage, didn't rush and hurry to get rid of a single opponent first, but open fired on all of Void.　</p>
    <p>If they focused their attacks and wiped out one of Void's members, then their healer would be forced to switch in. They wouldn't know what would happen in that short period of 4v5, but so long as they endured until their healer came, then they'd fight a 5v5 with a healer and have a chance to turn things around, even if they might be one character short.</p>
    <p>But now, Happy launching an attack on everyone in Void's team cruelly deprived them of this unknown chance.</p>
    <p>Void knew that they couldn't let Happy chip away at them like this, but apart from Yang Haoxuan's Translucent, none of the others had much of a chance to escape. Yang Haoxuan was trying to deal with Dancing Rain's supporting fire from above. After Wu Yuce had yelled at him, he had found his courage and was performing exceptionally well. They really couldn't have him leave to switch out with the healer.</p>
    <p>They had to risk it! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>That was when Li Xun suddenly activated Life-Risking Strike.</p>
    <p>With how much of a mess Void was right now, there was no way to give him support and increase his chances of success. Under these circumstances, Li Xun still used this skill. Everyone immediately realized what he was doing.</p>
    <p>He was sacrificing himself. If he managed to hit, then that would be amazing for their team, if he didn't, then Ghost Lantern, with only a sliver of life left, would soon make a noble sacrifice and their healer would be switched in.</p>
    <p>As for ignoring Ghost Lantern and purposefully keeping him alive? That wasn't possible. If they kept a character they didn't dare get close to alive, then that would be equal to giving themselves a huge handicap. If Happy did decide to do that, then that would be like deciding to kill their own characters.</p>
    <p>The situation ended up going in the most predictable direction.</p>
    <p>Li Xun's Life-Risking Strike didn't hit and Ghost Lantern was immediately killed. Void's healer, Tang Lishengi's Paladin, Spirit Guardian, was switched in from the closest support zone, hurrying over. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>However, in this short time, Happy switched tactics. They began to focus all their attacks onto one person. Could they manage to wipe out one of Void's players before their healer arrived?</p>
    <p>This became the deciding factor, and everyone watched with wide eyes.</p>
    <p>Void's core Ghostblade Duo weren't very tanky. Ghostblades utilized the power of the Ghost God to fight, finding their strengths in Spirit and Intelligence, then Strength, then Vitality. Then, their armor was cloth armor. Against physical damage, Ghostblades weren't much better than Elementalists and others.</p>
    <p>At the same time, the Ghost Duo's Wu Yuce was a very headstrong and forceful fighter. In this moment, his playstyle had been grasped by Happy, and they immediately caught Carved Ghost and began to beat the other down.</p>
    <p>Void was practically going crazy, trying to save him, however, Happy clearly didn't plan on switching tactics now. In the end Carved Ghost was finally caught by Steamed Bun Invasion's Strangle and thrown against the wall of the watchtower, allowing Happy to put everything into destroying him. During their offensive, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim's presence once again shone through. Though it might be weak, it was better than nothing. The unspecialized Lord Grim was able to provide an important healing role. Void had realized that upon seeing Happy's no-healer arrangement.</p>
    <p>They had realized, but they couldn't do anything against it. It wasn't like they could change Lord Grim's skill build.</p>
    <p>In crucial moments, the few tricks Lord Grim had was enough to help Happy stabilize the situation. Wu Yuce's Carved Ghost eventually fell against the wall.Tang Lisheng's Spirit Guardian ended up being just one step too late. </p>
    <p>6v4, currently a 5v4 on the field.</p>
    <p>Void didn't want to give up though. Spirit Guardian healed the remaining three characters like crazy. Void was planning to make a final charge.</p>
    <p>And then, Happy dispersed.</p>
    <p>Yes, even Dancing Rain, on the watchtower, jumped down of her own volition, using her cannon to adjust her position in the air, gliding down smoothly.</p>
    <p>Happy, who had the advantage, could retreat with ease, and at the drop of a hat.</p>
    <p>Speaking of which, wasn't the direction they were retreating in the direction of the support zone on that end?</p>
    <p>Seeing Void's healer arrive, Happy decided to not rush things and ran off to get their healer on the field, too. They really weren't planning on giving Void a single chance.</p>
    <p>At the start, Happy had thrown their healer away to get to the best positions quicker, very brave, very crazy.</p>
    <p>Yet, after getting the absolute advantage, Happy became cautious again. They, who were two people ahead of Void, went back to get their own healer.</p>
    <p>Void couldn't stop the retreating Happy, chasing after them as the shadow of defeat grew within their hearts.</p>
    <p>When Happy got to the support zone, Steamed Bun Invasion switched out for Little Cold Hands. Then, when they turned back to continue, Void's spirit had pretty much died. The battle ended quickly. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>10 to 0!!!</p>
    <p>The audience erupted.</p>
    <p>Another 10 to 0. Happy really did it. After completing a 10 to 0 against Misty Rain, this time, they got another 10 to 0 against Void. Who would doubt Happy's strength now? If they did, they were probably blind! 10 to 0 after 10 to 0 couldn't be luck speaking!</p>
    <p>The Happy supporters in the venue cheered wildly, raising an open-palm hand into the air, waving.</p>
    <p>Five!</p>
    <p>Their opened palms represented the number "five".</p>
    <p>Five times!</p>
    <p>This was the number of 10 to 0s that Happy had achieved so far. Such a flawless record was something that many powerhouses couldn't boast having. Currently, Happy was the only one, right?</p>
    <p>Just as Happy's fans were excitedly confirming this with each other, a shocking piece of news came from another finished battlefield. Team Samsara, having also achieved a flawless victory against Team Heavenly Swords, had obtained their fifth 10 to 0 of the season as well.</p>
    <p>With the thought that one of these 10 to 0s were won from Happy, everyone immediately felt that this was exceptionally annoying.</p>
    <p>Their archenemy! Many people had this thought.</p>
  </body>
</html>
