<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 518 – Old Wei</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 518 – Old Wei</h1>
    <p>“Ha, I need more time to study your silver weapon. How is it? Do you have a plan for future upgrades? Ye Xiu asked casually.</p>
    <p>“If you’re not going to log off, then you’d better store it somewhere safe for this senior!” Wei Chen shouted out of rage.</p>
    <p>“Relax, relax. Hey, do you have any extra materials?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“F*ck off, I don’t even have enough for myself.” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“What do you need materials for? You don’t even have a silver weapon anymore.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“F*ck you, f*ck your mom, f*ck your dad!” Wei Chen cursed furiously</p>
    <p>“To be honest, you’re only playing the game, so you don’t really need high-end equipment! Keeping it is just a burden for you. You have to worry about it all the time. Why don’t you let this brother help you sell it? We can split the money. You can easily get a set of weapons and equipment good enough for you to play like a king and I can upgrade my silver weapon. I need to hurry up and continue upgrading my Silver weapon. This is something that truly needs to be done urgently.” Ye Xiu said with ease and sincerity.</p>
    <p>“Screw you… Mine is also a priority. Do you know how much effort I put into this just to upgrade it to level 60?” Wei Chen roared.</p>
    <p>“Do you have the plans for future upgrades? If you do, we can increase the starting price.” Ye Xiu was considering the value of Death’s Hand to himself as if he did not see Wei Chen’s message.</p>
    <p>“What price?! That’s my life and blood! It’s priceless!” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“Your life and blood work is quite different from the one you had before!”</p>
    <p>“Dark Element strengthen, magic critical attack, Casting speed, cast distance…” Ye Xiu went over the additional attributes as he typed, “These are all strengthening personal attributes!</p>
    <p>The style is very different from Swoksaar’s Curse of Destruction.”</p>
    <p>“The style of my weapon is none of your f*cking business.” Wei Chen cursed.</p>
    <p>“You must be very lonely, Old Wei?” Ye Xiu asked all of a sudden.</p>
    <p>“What are you talking about? I don’t even understand what you’re saying.” Wei Chen frowned.</p>
    <p>“Why didn’t you stay in Blue Rain? I heard that Blue Rain tried to keep you as a coach.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“This senior isn’t interested in that sort of thing.” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“You’d rather stand on stage!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen suddenly fell into silence. His hands were on the keyboard, but he didn’t know what to say.</p>
    <p>“Can you find that feeling in the game? Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Do you really need me to tell you? ” Wei Chen replied faintly.</p>
    <p>“Have you ever thought about returning?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Returning? Me? Don’t joke with me, God!” Wei Chen laughed bitterly.</p>
    <p>“Don’t tell me you’re satisfied?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Even if I’m not, so what?” Wei Chen asked.</p>
    <p>“You can try again!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Try again? Like this, at level 70, using a level 60 high-end silver weapon? Taking 19 brothers who follow me every day, but failed to handle two level 50s like you guys? Go back like this? Go back and do what?” Wei Chen’s words were mixed with pain. The helplessness brought by time had left a deep scar on him long time ago.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu asked him if he was satisfied.</p>
    <p>He could answer without thinking.</p>
    <p>Of course not!</p>
    <p>He too carried hopes and dreams when he entered the pro scene, but his career had only lasted two short years.</p>
    <p>Within two years, the Alliance grew rapidly from inexperienced to mature, but as for him, he was constantly on the decline. He desperately tried to prolong his career, trying to stay for even a single moment longer in the growing Alliance, but all of his efforts were useless. He could clearly feel his deterioration. Game after game, he soon reached the point where his ability fell short of his ambition.</p>
    <p>What if I were born a few years later!</p>
    <p>Wei Chen had imagined it countless times before.</p>
    <p>But regretfully, there were no what if’s in reality. He could only admire and envy those lively youngsters. He had tried to lay his dreams and ambitions on these young people so that maybe he wouldn’t feel so lonely. He failed. He realized that he yearned for a chance to stand on the stage again. The feeling of existence that he wanted couldn’t be satisfied by entrusting his hopes to someone else.</p>
    <p>When Blue Rain tactfully asked him to take on the role of a coach for the next season, he immediately knew that everything had come to an end.</p>
    <p>He thanked them, but rejected the invitation. He also rejected invitations from other clubs, even though some were invitations for him to be a player.</p>
    <p>He had dreams. He had hopes. He didn’t want to be like a piece of seaweed spread on the beach, getting beaten by waves over and over again. Therefore, that season, the second season of the Pro Alliance, he decisively announced his retirement. He ignored all the persuasions for him to stay and cleanly left the professional  scene.</p>
    <p>For a time, he wanted to give up Glory as well, but he couldn’t let it go. Thus, Windward Formation was created. He even developed a silver weapon for himself. There were countless times that he dreamed that he went back with Windward Formation and his silver weapon Death’s Hand, to the time when the Alliance had just begun. He too was like these youngsters, full of energy. He could play for two years, three years, five years, eight years, forever…</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was laden with grief as these thoughts rushed through until he suddenly realized that all his friends around him were looking at him as if he were mad. He quickly pulled himself back together, and become his ruffian self again. He looked at the screen, Ye Xiu had already replied: “If you truly wish for it, there is no such thing as impossible.”</p>
    <p>“Sh*t, do you still believe in the power of will?” Wei Chen quickly hid his regrets. He was Wei Chen! The same Wei Chen who didn’t know shame. The Wei Chen who could fight dirty. His hand speed may be gone, his skills may have declined, but his personality still remained. In this aspect, he remained true to himself. He was still the one who amazed Glory eight years ago, who got invited to build a team immediately after the Professional Alliance was formed, and became team captain as a top pro-player. He was the former captain of Team Blue Rain. The shameless Old Wei, although he didn’t like this nickname..…</p>
    <p>“That’s right, will can determine victory or defeat. Just think of that fellow on your team.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“He’s a weirdo…” Wei Chen knew who Ye Xiu was talking about, “I have to admit, I made a mistake, a very serious one too.”</p>
    <p>“I heard you lost to him. Was it that embarrassing defeat that determined your retirement?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Tch. Do you think this senior’s decision could be affected by such a trivial matter?”  Wei Chen scorned.</p>
    <p>“No?” Ye Xiu asked in return</p>
    <p>“Of course not.”</p>
    <p>“Not even just a little?” Ye Xiu asked again.</p>
    <p>“Fine, a little…” Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>“How much is little?”</p>
    <p>“A little is a little. Completely insignificant, negligible, little!”  Wei Chen answered.</p>
    <p>“No way, right?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Sh*t, what do you mean?” Wei Chen shouted in rage.</p>
    <p>“I can imagine the trauma of being defeated by someone whose hands were deemed as handicapped and would never be able to make it to the pro scene. I can imagine it...…” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“F*ck your imagination…..!” Even though Wei Chen said so, he couldn’t help but recollect the bitter blow of his defeat.</p>
    <p>That’s right… The person they were talking about was Yu Wenzhou, the present team captain of Blue Rain, Alliance’s number one Warlock, Swoksaar’s controller.</p>
    <p>At the beginning of the Alliance, he was just a young lad who signed up for the club’s team training camp. He wasn’t even close to having the qualification to enter a pro team.</p>
    <p>From the beginning, the pros on the team, including Wei Chen, saw this youth as a passing guest. His hand speed could be considered decent amongst average players. But in the training camp for future professionals, his hand speed was considered unimaginably slow.    </p>
    <p>All of them thought he would be eliminated in the first round of selection. No one ever thought that he would manage to stay until the end.</p>
    <p>He remained in the team by barely surviving every round of selection. Even though he stayed, he was only thought to be lucky. No ever thought about his growth because nobody expected anything from him. At that time, everyone’s attention was focused on another one, someone Wei Chen had brought back from the game.  </p>
    <p>According to Wei Chen, the precise eyes and techniques of the youth when killing steal showed much promise. However, most people believed that Wei Chen related to the youth because of their shared shamelessness.</p>
    <p>This youth was truly talented. He quickly became the rising hope of the club. The Club began building up his his Blade Master carefully. At that time, the ace player of Blue Rain had been the Warlock Swoksaar at the time. Warlocks had strong crowd control, but the ace player of a Club usually had the burden of being the attacker to boost the morale of the team.</p>
    <p>As a result, many Blue Rain fans named this part of history “The beginnings of the legends of the Sword Saint.”</p>
    <p>Correct, this person was Huang Shaotian. The hopeful star who bore the weight of Blue Rain’s future. As for Yu Wenzhou, he was constantly being forgotten.</p>
    <p>Until one day, during a training session when the trainees were being tested, Wei Chen lost to this opponent whose name he didn’t even remember.</p>
    <p>“He was lucky.” Wei Chen repeated the comment he had said when Yu Wenzhou remained with the club after passing numerous selections.  After all, there would always be winning and losing in a competitions. At that time, Wei Chen’s condition was already declining. He thought that he had just been too careless when he was competing against the youngsters of the training camp.</p>
    <p>The second round…</p>
    <p>The third round…</p>
    <p>After being defeated by this irritatingly slow fellow for the third time, Wei Chen finally realized something. Everyone in the Club realized something.</p>
    <p>“Thank you senior for your teachings.” He didn’t get proud because of his victory, nor did he lose heart because of his defeat. He was neither shy nor arrogant. This young man was like an immovable iceberg. Wei Chen immediately knew that he lost to this young boy in spirit as well. He suddenly felt that Blue Rain didn’t need him anymore.</p>
    <p>This youth would become Blue Rain’s foundation and Huang Shaotian would become the blade that cut through any enemies in their path.</p>
  </body>
</html>
