<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1617 - 1v3</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1617 - 1v3</h1>
    <p>Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves stepped on the trash that he had just struck down with Ghost Slash in pursuit of Lord Grim. Sun Xiang’s One Autumn Leaf continued forward, hoping to pincer Lord Grim with Jiang Botao’s Empty Waves. At the same time, Zhou Zekai’s Cloud Piercer continued to head over from atop the trash piles. Despite having the higher ground, he couldn’t see any sign of Lord Grim. Ye Xiu had used Fang Rui’s shameless crouching position to move and prevent Zhou Zekai seeing him from above.</p>
    <p>However, this map was still Samsara’s map. Though they might not be able to see Lord Grim, the three from Samsara had an idea of where he was heading from the direction he had run in. Jiang Botao on the left, Sun Xiang on the right, and Zhou Zekai above. Samsara wasn’t just doing a pincer from two sides, but closing in from three different directions.</p>
    <p>Here!!Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang had the same thought as the two’s characters closed in at the same pace. Once they both got to the corner, they glanced over at Cloud Piercer above.</p>
    <p>Great!</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer had managed to keep up with their pace as well, taking the high ground and surrounding Lord Grim from three sides.</p>
    <p>Earth Wave Slash!</p>
    <p>Tyrant’s Destruction!</p>
    <p>One swung out from Empty Waves’ shortsword Divine Chain, while the other swept from One Autumn Leaf’s spear Evil Annihilation forwards. As soon as Empty Waves and One Autumn Leaf charged out from this corner, they were already using their attacks to defend themselves and guard against the possibility of Ye Xiu lying in wait to ambush them.</p>
    <p>However, the two had over thought things. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim wasn’t there, waiting in ambush. Instead, he continued forward, crouched. That was when One Autumn Leaf’s Tyrant’s Destruction swept out, blocking his path. Turning around, he saw Empty Waves’ Earthquake Sword fly at him, sending trash flying. Above came the sound of Cloud Piercer landing on the trash heap.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim jumped back!</p>
    <p>After dodging the Earthquake Sword and twisting his body as he did so, Lord Grim attempted to climb up the trash heap behind him. However, Jiang Botao had been anticipating this. Empty Waves’ Divine Chain flicked up, and a Light Wave Sword cut off Lord Grim’s plan before he had a chance to enact it.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang’s One Autumn Leaf was already approaching and saw Lord Grim rapidly form hand seals.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang immediately thought. One Autumn Leaf stopped his approach, quickly turning to look around.</p>
    <p>No one was there!</p>
    <p>He quickly turned back, but there was still no one there.</p>
    <p>What on earth?</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was shocked, but then heard a noise from above.</p>
    <p>Underground Tunneling Technique!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had actually made Lord Grim use a different Ninja Technique, burrowing underground. Yet when he reappeared, he had surprising done so at the top of the trash heap. Zhou Zekai’s position hadn’t given him a good enough view to see Lord Grim so he didn’t know what the other was doing. Lord Grim erupted from the trash heap right in front of him, ninjato striking!</p>
    <p>Luckily, while Zhou Zekai didn’t know Lord Grim’s exact position from above, Ye Xiu wasn’t certain of Cloud Piercer’s position either. His Underground Tunneling Technique had sent him right in front of Cloud Piercer, and a little ways away as well.</p>
    <p>This gave Zhou Zekai enough time to react.</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer quickly jumped back, dodging Lord Grim’s imperfect strike. His dual revolvers glinted in the light, Shattered Frost and Wildfire, their mouths dark before gunfire sprung from them as one.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang…</p>
    <p>Bullets flew. With only two steps between them, they were certain to hit.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was shot, but no blood appeared, his form suddenly dissolving like a broken shadow.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>A swift sound flickered past Cloud Piercer’s neck, drawing a splash of blood.</p>
    <p>Cut Throat!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had used Shadow Clone Technique to dart behind Cloud Piercer, striking swift. Next, the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella folded into two parts, turning into tonfas. With a grab, he caught Cloud Piercer and then threw him forward using Fling!</p>
    <p>It had all happened in a split second. It was like Lord Grim had been pincered by Empty Waves and One Autumn Leaf the previous second, and in the next, he had appeared on top of the trash heap, darted behind Cloud Piercer and thrown him out, blood still dripping from his neck.</p>
    <p>So fast!</p>
    <p>There was no other word for it but fast. It was like lightning, and it felt like chopping up the word fast was the only way to really give it a description worthy of that speed.</p>
    <p>If it didn’t reach that speed, how could it catch even Zhou Zekai?</p>
    <p>Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang only just heard the noise above, about to investigate, when they saw Cloud Piercer thrown off. But it clearly wasn’t the time for greetings. The two didn’t need to think or discuss. They each took a path, one left, the other right, heading up the trash heap in pursuit.</p>
    <p>But just as Sun Xiang’s One Autumn Leaf’s head peeked out, he saw a grenade land in front of his eyes. There was no time to think. Sun Xiang subconsciously flicked his mouse, One Autumn Leaf’s spear stabbed forward right towards the grenade.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>In the rush, he wasn’t able to control the force of this stab very well, but the grenade still exploded and it counted as a parry. The explosive force didn’t throw him back, so One Autumn Leaf aimed to leap up again. But who would’ve thought that while the explosion didn’t affect One Autumn Leaf directly, it did blast away the trash he wanted to land on. With that foothold gone, turned into a pit by the grenade, One Autumn Leaf’s jump failed and his form plummeted again…</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang over here just seemed a little silly, but Jiang Botao over there was the one in trouble. As soon as Empty Waves peeked out, he saw the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella descend down onto him, like a meteorite.</p>
    <p>Star Fall!</p>
    <p>An Exorcist skill, one Jiang Botao obviously knew the priority of. In that moment, he had given up in his heart. An airborne character didn’t have that much freedom. Jiang Botao hurriedly had Empty Waves Guard. Star Fall slammed him straight down, and he didn’t have any footholds in reach.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai, Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang, three of the Glory scene’s top ten players, had all been thrown off the trash pile by Ye Xiu in a 1v3.</p>
    <p>Though it was only a few moments, though it was clear how Ye Xiu had taken advantage of the situation, this scene was etched into people’s minds.</p>
    <p>The commentators Pan Lin and Li Yibo didn’t know how to comment on this scene. Ye Xiu’s thought process and methodology were simple, even a normal player in the same situation could think of such a tactic. However, the problem was that the opponents Ye Xiu was facing were Zhou Zekai, Jiang Botao and Sun Xiang. Three top players. It was easier thought of than done.</p>
    <p>Yet Ye Xiu had done it, so the entire venue went silent, and even the TV broadcast lacked the voices of the commentators.</p>
    <p>Everyone watched, lost for words, as Lord Grim turned and left.</p>
    <p>In the end, he didn’t dare face the three head on. However, this small victory was already miraculous.</p>
    <p>Before, the other pros had all thought that a 1v3 was sure to get rid of Lord Grim. If they couldn’t, then that would just be plain embarrassing. But in this moment, they all fell silent, too. After putting themselves in Samsara’s shoes for moment, they all felt that, in that moment, Ye Xiu was unstoppable. The three on the field couldn’t stop him, they couldn’t stop either, and neither could anyone on this earth.</p>
    <p>“Fuck…”</p>
    <p>All these thoughts and words whirling around in their minds ended up expressed as one single short curse. It was a sigh, a shock, but more than that, it was admiration.</p>
    <p>They couldn’t blame this on Samsara’s three not being up to par, they could only blame this on their opponent being too strong.</p>
    <p>However, Samsara’s three didn’t plan on staying shocked and silent with the audience.</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer, who had been thrown off the trash heap with a Fling by Lord Grim, had been knocked down due to the grab’s effect. However, after being knocked down, he got back up as quickly as was possible.</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer’s movements were also stunningly swift. To most, it was almost like he had been knocked down onto a trampoline before being immediately thrown back onto his feet.</p>
    <p>Fire!</p>
    <p>He activated Rage Firing, but used it for Aerial Fire. The stronger recoil shot Cloud Piercer onto the trash heap, his body already twisting in midair. Zhou Zekai’s control of the attack’s recoil, his own jump, and whatnot was extremely precise. After leaping up with help from the recoil, he turned, landing right down onto the trash heap in front of him in one smooth motion.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>The gunshot sounds never stopped, and the bullets were already heading Lord Grim’s way.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was shocked. He had never thought that it would Cloud Piercer to recover and pursue him first, what with the forced knockdown. Zhou Zekai’s reaction speed was far beyond his expectations, and he wasn’t far enough just yet for Lord Grim to take cover. This trash heap was nowhere near as reliable as solid ground, and moving along it would sometimes cause your foot to sink in. It was a plague on movement speed.</p>
    <p>Rolling to avoid the hail of bullets, Ye Xiu managed to return two shots. The dodged bullets lodged themselves into the trash heap, splashing bits of trash everywhere and sending them dancing around Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>Clink clink clink!</p>
    <p>Cloud Piercer never stopped firing, but amidst this, there was a strange noise.</p>
    <p>Thwack!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s shoulder was hit by a bullet, much to Ye Xiu’s disbelief. He was certain he had dodged out of the path of Zhou Zekai’s bullets…</p>
    <p>The trash…</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu quickly realized what was going on.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai had actually used the trash that the bullets had thrown into the air, making his bullets collide with them to not only increase damage, but also to alter their paths slightly, making them unpredictable.</p>
    <p>In this time, Lord Grim was hit thrice more. Twice by the flying trash and once by a bullet.</p>
    <p>His movement was slowed and on the end of an attack like this, his rhythm was completely destroyed.</p>
    <p>With no other choice, he opened up the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella…</p>
    <p>Twack thwack thwack….</p>
    <p>Like pouring rain, bullets and trash bombarded the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella’s shield form.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn’t stay under the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella’s protection forever. With the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella’s current durability, it wouldn’t be able to last for too long under Cloud Piercer’s assault.</p>
    <p>Opening the umbrella merely gave him a chance to catch his breath. In the next moment, the umbrella closed and gunfire erupted from the tip.</p>
    <p>Gatling Gun.</p>
    <p>A shoot out!</p>
  </body>
</html>
