<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1510 - Stubborn People Who Refuse to Change</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1510 - Stubborn People Who Refuse to Change</h1>
    <p>“Small trick”</p>
    <p>Two words popped up in Tyranny’s chat. Before Zhang Xinjie gave any orders, Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust rushed out. His target was Little Cold Hands, not Lord Grim or Dancing Rain, who had just escaped.</p>
    <p>In the end, Han Wenqing and Zhang Xinjie had been partners for many years. With this sudden change in circumstances, he reacted the fastest, grasping Zhang Xinjie’s thoughts before the words came out.</p>
    <p>The formation shifted towards Little Cold Hands, who had been their back-up choice in case of an accident. Now that an accident had happened, Little Cold Hands was absolutely the better target compared to Lord Grim and Dancing Rain. Those two had broken through their encirclement and convened together with Fang Rui. If An Wenyi supported from the side as well, Happy could contend with Tyranny directly. On the other hand, An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands was separated from the other three.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust took a big stride forward. It looked as if he were planning on attacking Little Cold Hands, but at the same time, he cut off contact between An Wenyi and the others on Happy.</p>
    <p>Reliable!</p>
    <p>He followed Zhang Xinjie’s reliable strategies. If this had been the old Tyranny, he would have chased after Lord Grim and Dancing Rain, fighting until his last breath; Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust would have certainly been at the forefront of the pursuit.</p>
    <p>The others on Tyranny saw Zhang Xinjie’s orders and immediately reacted. They were slightly slower than Han Wenqing, but they weren’t too late. They immediately began coordinating with Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi immediately had Little Cold Hands retreat, but when Li Yibo saw this scene, he couldn’t help but sigh.</p>
    <p>“What’s wrong, Coach Li?” Pan Lin asked. It was very rare for Li Yibo to express such clear emotions during the playoffs.</p>
    <p>“He’s not experienced enough! In the end, An Wenyi is too inexperienced. He could have waited for a bit longer to see if Ye Xiu and the others could open up the situation and convene with him, but by running away, he’s pulling away from Ye Xiu and the others, making it more difficult for them to help him.” Li Yibo explained.</p>
    <p>“Right!” Pan Lin thought about it and realized that Li Yibo was correct.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s Han Wenqing was fast, but surrounding Little Cold Hands in a short amount of time was impossible. Their intent was to set up an offensive towards Little Cold Hands, restricting Happy’s movements and seizing the initiative. By having Little Cold Hands immediately run away, An Wenyi was actually helping Tyranny. If they were able to completely separate An Wenyi from the rest of Happy, it wouldn’t just be taking the initiative, but taking the win.</p>
    <p>How could Tyranny’s old generals miss such an opportunity?</p>
    <p>Burst!</p>
    <p>After conserving their energy for an entire season, if they didn’t burst forth facing such a key opportunity, when else would they?</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Explosions would always be the loudest sounds on the battlefield. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms went all out, not holding back on any of his attacks. A beautiful symphony of light and shadows was put on display.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder immediately became more agile. He kept his distance from Lord Grim, Dancing Rain, and Boundless Sea, using Brawler skills like Provoke to harass them. Using a tiger’s mouth to unsheath the blade was a phrase that suited his actions perfectly.</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun’s Negative Nine Degrees attacked Little Cold Hands the most directly. However, his offense wasn’t to block him but to urge him to move faster. Tyranny hoped to see Little Cold Hands run faster. The faster the better for Tyranny.</p>
    <p>At this point, all of the viewers understood what Li Yibo had been talking about. The important healer had been cut off from the rest of his team and was in danger of being chased down and killed. This situation was far more dangerous than Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu being trapped.</p>
    <p>“Why isn’t Ye Xiu reminding An Wenyi!” Pan Lin said anxiously.</p>
    <p>“It’s too late!” Li Yibo sighed, “How could Tyranny leave an opening for Happy to rescue him? As soon as An Wenyi took the first misstep, his retreat path was blocked off by Tyranny. In the end, Tyranny’s players are too experienced.”</p>
    <p>Experience!</p>
    <p>It was the most valuable treasure that old players had, and it constantly shined in Team Tyranny. Their team had the three most experienced players in the Glory Alliance apart from Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Run!</p>
    <p>Right now, Little Cold Hands was just running. No one said anything in the Happy chat to stop him. His Little Cold Hands ran for his life. It was his only choice. However, this was exactly what Tyranny wanted. The faster he ran, the farther he ran, the easier it would be for Tyranny.</p>
    <p>Finally, Little Cold Hands ran until Ye Xiu and the others could no longer see him. They weren’t able to maintain the distance between them because Tyranny had been attacking them the entire time. Lord Grim and Dancing Rain weren’t doing too well in terms of health after just narrowly escaping. Tyranny had a healer assisting them too, so there was no way for them to fight too forcefully. What’s more, under Zhang Xinjie’s adjustments, Tyranny didn’t become imbalanced from pursuing Little Cold Hands too excessively. As Little Cold Hands ran, Tyranny put less attention towards him. As Little Cold Hands gradually vanished from Happy’s view, Tyranny also began to stop chasing after him until only Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust was the only one left in pursuit.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing versus a rookie healer…</p>
    <p>On the other side, Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, and Fang Rui, who weren’t in the best conditions, had to fight against four players from Tyranny, among them a healer.</p>
    <p>It’s over…</p>
    <p>Li Yibo really wanted to say these words. If this were the regular season, he would have made the conclusion. However, this was the playoffs. There was mystery all around, and he didn’t dare hastily reach a verdict.</p>
    <p>What else could happen?</p>
    <p>Li Yibo carefully pondered over this question and thought of Happy’s Luo Ji.</p>
    <p>The battle had reached this step already, yet Luo Ji still wasn’t going to make his appearance? He wasn’t sent to the stage just to watch on the sides, could he?</p>
    <p>Wait!</p>
    <p>A thought flashed through Li Yibo’s mind.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust chased after Little Cold Hands to kill him on his own. What if Luo Ji suddenly appeared to rescue Little Cold Hands? A Summoner with a Cleric’s help could easily bully an extremely close-range fighter like a Striker.</p>
    <p>Uh… I think?</p>
    <p>A question mark jumped out when Li Yibo thought this. Under normal circumstances, the Striker would definitely be the one bullied. However, if the Striker was Han Wenqing, the fierce tiger Han Wenqing… An Wenyi? Luo Ji? These two were still university students and newcomers to the pro scene. Would they be able to hold down a wild tiger?</p>
    <p>I’ll just have to wait and see… Li Yibo shifted his gaze.</p>
    <p>Even if the two took down Han Wenqing, they would have to go through much effort. What about the other end? Could Ye Xiu and the two others on Happy hold on against a strong offensive from four players on Tyranny? If the trade happened, the ones to lose out would probably be Happy!</p>
    <p>As expected, there are no holes! Truly worthy of Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>Li Yibo’s final season at Tyranny was the year that Zhang Xinjie joined the Alliance. That season, Tyranny defeated Excellent Era, who was going for their fourth consecutive championship win, stopping their dominance over the Glory League.</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie had left a deep impression on Li Yibo that season. He felt a bit ashamed though. At that time, the seniors had paid more attention to this junior’s robot-like lifestyle. Zhang Xinjie’s talent at Glory had been overlooked due to his peculiarities. It wasn’t until they won the championships with this healer, who never made mistakes, did they finally realize how incredible of a talent he was.</p>
    <p>Separated by many years, Li Yibo looked at Zhang Xinjie again. Zhang Xinjie was more skilled and more experienced, but his style hadn’t changed one bit.</p>
    <p>Everyone talked about Han Wenqing’s ten years of perseverance, but in reality, what never changed in Tyranny was Zhang Xinjie, no? It’d be easier to kill him than change his habits…</p>
    <p>Two stubborn guys who refused to change had paired with each other despite their incompatibilities, yet they stubbornly persisted for so many years…</p>
    <p>They had won a championship, but they didn’t start a new era of dominance. Perhaps this was where the issue lay. They made a few changes, but there were places where they never changed.</p>
    <p>And now, one of them had finally made some adjustments. Even though much of it was out of helplessness due to the passing of time, it wasn’t a bad thing. The two core members of Tyranny, their sharpest spear and sturdiest shield, were finally fighting alongside each other together as one for the first time.</p>
    <p>Win!</p>
    <p>Li Yibo had always been a very very professional commentator. But at this moment, when he saw Tyranny realize the potential that they hadn’t been able to realize for many years, at the final moments of Han Wenqing’s career, he didn’t hesitate to stand by Tyranny. He could only hope that it hadn’t come too late. He hoped to see these two win another championship.</p>
    <p>Go Tyranny!</p>
    <p>Li Yibo cheered in his heart. He didn’t lose his rationale though. If he expressed such obvious bias during the broadcast, he would probably be laid off.</p>
    <p>At this moment, the broadcast had finally cut to Luo Ji’s perspective.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light had been moving the entire time. A small screen had followed along for quite some time now. From his position on the map, Li Yibo could confirm Luo Ji’s movements.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light wasn’t moving to attack Han Wenqing. Instead, he was rushing over to the side of the battle with more people.</p>
    <p>As expected!</p>
    <p>Team Happy wasn’t stupid. Having Luo Ji ambush Han Wenqing definitely wasn’t a wise move. However, how much help could he provide to the other side? Tyranny’s side had a healer. Even if it was a 4v4, Happy would still be at a disadvantage. Perhaps Happy was regretting not putting Tang Rou in first? With her energy and drive, no matter if she attacked Desert Dust or joined the other battle, she would have a better chance at turning the situation around.</p>
    <p>What could Luo Ji do?</p>
  </body>
</html>
