<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1540 - No Need For Comfort</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1540 - No Need For Comfort</h1>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans could accept defeat. They had always prioritized the process over the end outcome. The 1v1 had been intense and high-level. It was absolutely a rare scene, and everyone was more than satisfied with it.</p>
    <p>Although from Tyranny’s perspective, this outcome was truly very very very annoying. A second earlier, they had thought that Ye Xiu would lose. His 1v1 win streak would finally be broken. This sort of excitement would have reached the same levels as when Tyranny had toppled Excellent Era’s dynasty in the fourth season.</p>
    <p>But it was only for one second.</p>
    <p>Life was a rollercoaster. This single second fully embodied this saying. Tyranny’s fans could accept the defeat, but they could not accept the sudden drop from excitement to disappointment.</p>
    <p>The main culprit: Ye Xiu!</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans had always hated Ye Xiu. Right now, how could they be in the mood to congratulate the winner?</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing walked out from Tyranny’s player booth. The angry clamor from Tyranny’s fans suddenly quieted down.</p>
    <p>Their hearts hurt for their captain.</p>
    <p>Wouldn’t he be the one who felt the sudden up and down the most?</p>
    <p>Wouldn’t he be the one who felt the worst?</p>
    <p>The noise from the crowd became quieter and quieter. Everyone was looking at Han Wenqing, who was walking down from the stage. His posture was as straight as ever. His footsteps were firm and powerful. As he walked, he waved his hands towards Tyranny’s fans. Then, he waved towards everyone in the crowd. It was the same as he always did every time a match ended.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, their captain wouldn’t fall from a defeat, even if it had been from such an unexpected and disgusting reversal. The crowd instantly erupted again! Instead of wasting their efforts cursing at Ye Xiu, it’d be better to give their captain some applause.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing continued to wave his hands amidst the thunderous applause. And just like this, he walked back to Tyranny’s seats.</p>
    <p>Everyone in Tyranny stood up and applauded their captain.</p>
    <p>Console him? No need.</p>
    <p>Their captain would never console a teammate who had lost. At the same time, he didn’t need any comforting either when he lost.</p>
    <p>A defeat was nothing special. Tyranny had experienced it many times. Needing someone to comfort them was too shameful. If a man couldn’t even accept defeat, how could anyone comfort him?</p>
    <p>“I’ve calculated how much damage the lava does. I recommend that Lin Jingyan go up next,” There wasn’t a single word about the battle that had just transpired. Tyranny’s vice-captain Zhang Xinjie directly brought up their arrangements for their next battle.</p>
    <p>“Okay,” Han Wenqing nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“Okay, I’ll go,” Lin Jingyan nodded his head. He left Tyranny’s bench and headed towards the stage.</p>
    <p>“From the previous fight, we can see that Ye Xiu has added Heroic Leap, Poison Needle, Underground Tunneling Technique, Flickering Stab, and Waltzing Wave Slash onto his weapon forms,” When they finally talked about the battle that had just ended, it was from a review perspective. When the skill “Waltzing Wave Slash” was mentioned, the cause for the sudden reversal, their expressions didn’t change in the slightest.</p>
    <p>“That’s not even half,” Han Wenqing said regretfully.</p>
    <p>“Yes, the tempo is just too fast,” Zhang Xinjie said.</p>
    <p>The fight between the two had happened mostly in the air. Once they fell into the lava, the lava dealt the majority of the damage came. The number of skills that the two could use effectively while in the lava was in fact quite limited. Lord Grim could attach a total of 12 bonus skills onto his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, and he had only used 5 of those 12 thus far. That meant there were still 7 unknown skills. It would be an unknown factor in the team competition. The vice captain and captain of Tyranny were mainly concerned about this unknown factor.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan probably wouldn’t be able to find any more of those bonus skills because Lord Grim’s health was almost zero. He was probably at 1 or 2% health. The battle would be over in an instant.</p>
    <p>At the start of the second round, Ye Xiu even announced in the public chat: “You’ve won.”</p>
    <p>“Haha, I’d be quite happy if you surrendered,” Lin Jingyan replied.</p>
    <p>“I can’t do that! You’d better hurry!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder set out. Boos from the crowd soon followed. The boos obviously weren’t for Lin Jingyan, but Ye Xiu! Ye Xiu’s words were one thing, but his actions showed otherwise. His Lord Grim was healing himself at the moment.</p>
    <p>Holy light flashed. When the match started, Lord Grim remained where he was and immediately started healing. Although with only low-level skills and no healing buffs, Lord Grim’s healing capabilities could only be used as emergency saves. Trying to completely heal himself to full like this wasn’t possible.</p>
    <p>The 1v1 map wasn’t large. Even though Lin Jingyan was playing on this map for the first time, he had been watching the previous fight. And with everyone analyzing the map together, they had grasped bits and pieces of the map. His movements were firm, and he headed straight for the enemy spawn point.</p>
    <p>“Hey, you’d better not be healing!” Lin Jingyan suddenly said in the chat.</p>
    <p>“You really are going to win. I’ve been seen through!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan was helpless. It looked like he couldn’t take the easy way out. He had to be careful too. He couldn’t let Ye Xiu take out too much of health.</p>
    <p>Soon, Lord Grim entered his line of sight. White light was flashing and flashing. Lord Grim had been healing the entire time, no? Ye Xiu soon saw the approaching Dark Thunder as well, and immediately typed out into the chat: “Can’t you wait a bit longer?”</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan ignored him. They were about to start fighting. He needed to concentrate. He couldn’t give Ye Xiu any opportunities. Chat? It was now time for him to ignore everything.</p>
    <p>In terms of range, Lord Grim had a long range than Dark Thunder, so Dark Thunder had to enter Lord Grim’s range first. Lin Jingyan immediately became even more cautious. Dark Thunder started to slow down as he carefully observed Lord Grim’s movements and the terrain around him.</p>
    <p>“I guess that’s it,” Ye Xiu sighed. During this time, he had been able to heal 6% of his health back. It was now a 7% health Lord Grim against a 100% health Dark Thunder.</p>
    <p>It was very possible for one touch into death in this map due to the lava. Lin Jingyan subconsciously had his Dark Thunder stay farther away from the lava. If he wasn’t careful and was knocked into the lava, it would be devastating for him.</p>
    <p>As he grew nearer, Lord Grim still didn’t act. Dark Thunder only needed three more steps for Lord Grim to enter his attack range, when finally, Lord Grim raised his umbrella in front of him.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan immediately moved his mouse back and forth, so Dark Thunder would move erratically. He wouldn’t be moving in a straight line nor in a predictable left and right zig-zag. He wasn’t going to make it easy for Ye Xiu to hit him.</p>
    <p>Bang bang!</p>
    <p>Two gunshots. Ye Xiu had Lord Grim attack. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella’s gun form was a rifle, which could fire two times in a row.</p>
    <p>The damage from normal attacks posed no threat, but if he could dodge them, why not dodge them?</p>
    <p>After dodging the two bullets, he looked at Lord Grim again. Lord Grim wasn’t facing him, but rather, to the side.</p>
    <p>He wants to play dirty!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan had been Fang Rui’s partner for many years. He was very acute towards this sort of playing. Turning to the side to prevent the enemy from seeing everything. Fang Rui was an expert at it. He hid his character’s hands, so the opponent wouldn’t be able to figure out what skill he was planning on using.</p>
    <p>The hand movements were crucial, so what skill did he plan on using?</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique?</p>
    <p>That was Lin Jingyan’s first thought. Ninjas had been the first to come up with this technique of hiding their hands. Who made it so most of their skills required hand seals! Shadow Clone Technique required hand seals, and Ye Xiu often used it. Lin Jingyan’s thought process was very logical. He immediately had his character roll to the side, while swinging his claw towards the side.</p>
    <p>One Night Eight Desolates!</p>
    <p>This was the name of Dark Thunder’s Silver weapon. He had four claws on each hand. The color and luster were rather dull and didn’t give off any light. These claws swung in a semicircle motion.</p>
    <p>“Old Lin, you over thought it!” Ye Xiu messaged.</p>
    <p>One Night Eight Desolates missed. After Dark Thunder rolled, he adjusted his view, and now he was facing Lord Grim directly.</p>
    <p>There weren’t any hand movements, just the muzzle of a gun.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Anti-Tank Missiles.</p>
  </body>
</html>
