<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1566 - Powerless Ambush</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1566 - Powerless Ambush</h1>
    <p>Tyranny slowed their steps as they approached the canyon exit. Up above, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was still harassing them. On the other hand, Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain had already disappeared. Had she gone over to the canyon exit in preparation to ambush them?</p>
    <p>Tyranny was in the dark, but they had no intention of cowering. They simply slowed down, putting on a safer and more cautious attitude as they exited the canyon.</p>
    <p>Left?</p>
    <p>Right?</p>
    <p>Each of the five members of Tyranny looked in a different direction as soon as they exited the canyon.</p>
    <p>Both left and right!</p>
    <p>Wyvern, Thunder Eagle, Spirit Cat, Frost Wolf.</p>
    <p>Two above, two below hiding to the left and right of the exit. Concealed Light had summoned his four beasts and had them lie in wait for Tyranny to come. As soon as Tyranny rushed out, before the summons moved, a cannon shot could be heard. Dancing Rain, who had rushed down from the canyon wall ahead of time, also came to the exit to set up an ambush. When she saw Tyranny, she immediately attacked.</p>
    <p>Artillery shells and the four beasts flew towards Tyranny. At the same time, a Devil’s World Flower appeared in the center of Tyranny’s formation.</p>
    <p>Boom boom!</p>
    <p>Explosions sounded, not just once either. Dancing Rain’s artillery fire had arrived. However, a grenade had also been thrown by Dazzling Hundred Blossoms. At the same time, three fists swung towards the Devil World Flower. The poor Devil World Flower had only dug halfway out from the ground, its petals still unfolding, when Tyranny instantly destroyed it.</p>
    <p>Tyranny had been on guard against an ambush. Now that an ambush had come, they were ready. With one glance, they saw how the four beasts were arranged, as well as Dancing Rain’s position. The Devil World Flower had no chance to sneak attack them. Before it could even display its abilities, it was destroyed. Then, the entire team turned right and rushed out!</p>
    <p>Tyranny ignored the wyvern and frost wolf to their left, as well as Dancing Rain firing from afar. All of them headed right towards the Thunder Eagle and Spirit Cat. Behind them was their Summoner, Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>From rushing out of the canyon, examining their situation, dodging the cannonfire, killing the Devil World Flower, and rushing towards the right, all of it had taken place in less than a second. Let alone being shaken by the ambush, Tyranny didn’t even let their opponents take the initiative. Not even a second had passed, and their counterattack had begun. Their entire focus was on Concealed Light. In an instant, Happy seemed to be in a dire situation.</p>
    <p>Thunder Eagle?</p>
    <p>Spirit Cat?</p>
    <p>Tyranny wasn’t concerned with these two summons. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms attacked as he moved. The Thunder Eagle swayed unsteadily as it was shot. The Spirit Cat moved about nimbly like a shadow, but in the next second, an imprint of a punch appeared on the shadow. The Spirit Cat was knocked several steps back before rolling on the ground and disappearing.</p>
    <p>Emperor’s Fist!</p>
    <p>It was a high-level Striker skill, instantly killing the Spirit Cat.</p>
    <p>Who had used it?</p>
    <p>Everyone thought that it was Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust, but when they saw who it was, they realized that it had come from Song Qiying’s River Sunset.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!”</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing praised. Desert Dust charged forward.</p>
    <p>In the blink of an eye, Tyranny had eliminated the two summons. Luo Ji’s only choice was to retreat, and Concealed Light was already backing away.</p>
    <p>This was Happy’s ambush?</p>
    <p>This obviously couldn’t be all. Soft Mist had been healed to full health by An Wenyi. With her spear raised, she rushed out towards Tyranny from behind Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>Even so, no one thought that anything would change.</p>
    <p>The terrain surrounding the canyon exit was rather simple. There was no way to set up any elaborate ambushes. All anyone could do was make the first move when the enemy side rushed out.</p>
    <p>This sort of ambush couldn’t threaten Tyranny. Happy wasn’t able to establish any sort of advantage with their initiation, and in the blink of an eye, Tyranny had turned it around on them. Of the five creatures summoned by Concealed Light, only three were left. He wasn’t even able to use Elemental Beast King Formation before his summons died. The long-ranged Dancing Rain had no way to stop Tyranny either. All Tang Rou’s Soft Mist could do was protect Luo Ji for a bit. How could she contend against the entirety of Tyranny alone?</p>
    <p>As for Ye Xiu?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was hopping down from the canyon wall. His rapid descent looked imposing, but how could he be the meteor that wiped out the dinosaurs?</p>
    <p>Even so, Tyranny paid the most attention to Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim. The approaching Soft Mist could easily be held off.</p>
    <p>Brick!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder lifted his hands and threw a Brick towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Hua! The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella opened up, blocking the Brick. But Han Wenqing used Ye Xiu’s dead angle from opening the umbrella to close in and let out a punch.</p>
    <p>“It’s a counterattack!!” Zhang Xinjie warned. Previously, when Ye Xiu had broken past him to rescue Fang Rui, Zhang Xinjie had been paying close attention to him. In the end, he hadn’t noticed the Magnetic Field Coil being placed down either. When he thought back, the scene of Lord Grim fishing something out from his umbrella might have been Lord Grim placing down the Magnetic Field Coil.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, he hadn’t been able the call back then. However, experience was accumulated bit by bit. Zhang Xinjie was already aware that to call out Ye Xiu’s moves might be impossible with only one person. Not only did his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella making things complicated by opening up such a wide range of skills, Ye Xiu could also use it to hide his character’s movements.</p>
    <p>As a result, when Lord Grim jumped down from the canyon wall, Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock had moved to a different angle to observe Lord Grim’s movements. When the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella opened, Immovable Rock moved to Lord Grim’s side. He saw that after the umbrella opened, the canvas separated from the umbrella rod.</p>
    <p>The canvas was a shield. In the other hand was something else, but either way, it was a common move from Knights.</p>
    <p>Through his different viewpoint, Zhang Xinjie was able to immediately determine what skill Lord Grim would likely use.</p>
    <p>Maelstrom Counterattack!</p>
    <p>It was a skill where the shield absorbed a blow, while the other hand counterattacked. When the Knight awakening skill, Knight’s Spirit, was used, the skill transformed into Honest Maelstrom Counterattack, reflecting the damage back fully.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim couldn’t learn Knight’s Spirit. His Maelstrom Counterattack was only level one, so the reflected damage was rather limited. But the damage was secondary. This sort of counterattack was enough to disrupt Tyranny’s current formation and tempo.</p>
    <p>Luckily, Zhang Xinjie had noticed it and promptly gave out a warning. Desert Dust immediately stopped his punch and jumped out of the way.</p>
    <p>For Maelstrom Counterattack to work, the opponent had to attack first. It couldn’t be used as a standalone attack. The previous second, Tyranny had been lying in wait for Lord Grim. The next second, Lord Grim had become nothing but air to them. Han Wenqing and Lin Jingyan went to help River Sunset take down Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>By now, Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossom had killed off the Thunder Eagle. He turned fire, keeping the Frost Wolf and Wyvern at bay. The health of summoned creatures wasn’t nearly as precious as a player’s. Oftentimes, sacrificing some health to attack was okay. However, Spitfire attacks didn’t only deal damage. The vast majority of their bullets had special effects. By using these additional effects, blocking off two summons wasn’t anything difficult for Zhang Jiale.</p>
    <p>The situation was completely under Tyranny’s control. Lord Grim’s descent became rather embarrassing. Lord Grim had indeed prepared a Maelstrom Counterattack. Ye Xiu had predicted that Tyranny would focus him. As soon as he came down, he would certainly be attacked, so use a Maelstrom Counterattack to scatter them. That was Ye Xiu’s plan.</p>
    <p>But this time, Zhang Xinjie had seen through it. Tyranny had completely avoided him. His Maelstrom Counterattack immediately became worthless.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn’t able to see Tyranny’s team chat, but seeing how Tyranny had seen through his plan, trying to make his plan work would be a waste of time.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu cancelled Maelstrom Counterattack. His Myriad Manifestations Umbrella form didn’t change forms. He used another Knight skill to make his way towards them.</p>
    <p>But Tyranny had seen through it once again. Han Wenqing and Lin Jingyan had only pretended to go attack Soft Mist. In reality, their attention had been on Lord Grim. They weren’t surprised by Ye Xiu’s quick decision to give up on the Maelstrom Counterattack.</p>
    <p>Desert Dust twisted his body and swung his arm.</p>
    <p>Collapsing Fist!</p>
    <p>Directly towards the incoming Lord Grim.</p>
  </body>
</html>
