<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 533 – If There Aren’t Any Opportunities, Create Your Own</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 533 – If There Aren’t Any Opportunities, Create Your Own</h1>
    <p>This time, the guild leaders personally led the teams to fight for the boss, so they didn't need to go through the trouble and open up a discussion group outside of the game. Everyone gathered together in the middle of the circle and quickly came to an agreement.</p>
    <p>It was too bad for Ye Xiu and Wei Chen said. The two pro level players couldn't see or hear anything. They shamelessly snuck into the circle and tried to eavesdrop, but the guilds suddenly stopped moving. They clearly weren't going to fight the boss and were still negotiating with each other.</p>
    <p>"How boring! What's there to talk about? In the end, they'll each have their own plans. Such a waste of time." Wei Chen spoke in an unhappy voice.</p>
    <p>"It seems a bit different this time." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"How?"</p>
    <p>"Normally, the negotiations are a part of their plan. They should have already begun dispatching their troops by now. However, look at their troops. No one is moving. There haven't been any ambushes or any reinforcements arriving. Doesn't this look like a real negotiation?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"No way. They've been fighting for so many years. Why would they suddenly have a change in heart?" Wei Chen didn't believe it.</p>
    <p>The two continued guessing. The discussion between the eight guild leaders finally concluded. In the end, they went with Jiang You's suggestion. The top guilds, like Herb Garden and Excellent Dynasty, left room for discussion in the future though. The slightly less powerful guilds, like Misty Castle and Blossom Valley, hoped this plan would pave the path for future conflicts.</p>
    <p>After drawing up their new plan, the eight guilds immediately signed an agreement and had the public be the judges. Then, they made an announcement in their respective guild forums, as well as their guild's web page as proof. After making the arrangements, everyone returned to the game and prepared to enter the Arena to decide who the boss would belong to.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo had her materials displayed out on the streets. She didn't even need to be at her keyboard to do this, so she wasn't busy right now. From time to time, she would go back to the game and take a look, but most of the time, she was browsing forums. A post suddenly caught her eye. Something about eight guilds and proof. It all seemed very grand. Chen Guo clicked on it and suddenly felt like she was in a dream.</p>
    <p>It can't be a coincidence, right?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo mumbled. She didn't have much to do and Ye Xiu was no longer on the Equipment Editor, so she would see what Ye Xiu was up to from time to time. Ye Xiu had received a call to go to Poison Fang Swamp and went to check out the wild boss with Wei Chen's gang. She didn't have any urgent matters to take care of, so she had even hesitated on whether or not she should join them. Before she could make a decision, she noticed the post.</p>
    <p>"Hey, look at this." Chen Guo called for Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Hm?" Ye Xiu turned his head in a bored manner, but when his gaze hit Chen Guo's screen, he immediately stared blankly for a moment, before quickly reading the content of the post more carefully.</p>
    <p>At the same time, the eight guilds had already begun to move. Ye Xiu heard Wei Chen say: "Huh? What's going on? Why are they leaving?"</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's gaze returned to his computer and saw the eight guilds begin to move. The guilds had made an agreement and began to disperse.</p>
    <p>"We have to go back too." Ye Xiu saw their movements and knew it would be difficult for them to hide, especially with Wei Chen's bros. Their skill level was only average and they definitely weren't good enough to deal with this situation.</p>
    <p>"You just worry about yourself!" Ye Xiu heard Wei Chen say in delight. Ye Xiu turned his camera around to look and was left completely speechless.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen's Windward Formation led two team of players. At this moment, they had put on their guild tags, all from big guilds. Wei Chen's Windward Formation was from Blue Brook Guild, as well as three others. Apart from them, there were tags from Herb Garden, Tyrannical Ambition, Excellent Dynasty.... All twenty of them had tags from the eight guilds.</p>
    <p>"He's in the mountain there. Deep in the clouds somewhere." Wei Chen recited and chuckled. Clearly, nothing could serve as better protection than a guild tag in their situation. Let alone lesser known guilds, no one knew everyone in their own guilds.</p>
    <p>"Stop acting as if you're cultured. If you're so good at reading, hurry up and check the forums!" Ye Xiu said and then had Lord Grim retreat.</p>
    <p>"The forums? Why?" Wei Chen saw Lord Grim had already run away, so he typed it out.</p>
    <p>"These guilds actually came to an agreement on something this time." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"What type of agreement?" Wei Chen asked.</p>
    <p>"A peaceful solution." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"F*ck, no way." Wei Chen doubted. He had wanted to steal a boss from the big guilds' mouths and there was only one way to do it: to take advantage of a crisis. The more chaotic the battle was, the more numerous the opportunities, but if they decided on a peaceful solution, then how was he supposed to cause a ruckus?</p>
    <p>Wei Chen told his bros to hurry and hide. At the same time, he reminded them to avoid players from their guilds. A word bubble appeared above his head and then he left the game to look at the forums.</p>
    <p>The post had a lot of stickies on it, so Wei Chen easily noticed it. He opened it and skimmed through the contents. He quickly returned to the game and let out a few curses in his private chat window with Lord Grim: "****, you're plain bad luck!"</p>
    <p>"Brother, why do you say that?" Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>"Stop pretending!" Wei Chen was furious. The eight guilds made a post as proof and didn't say much about it, but Ye Xiu and Wei Chen could figure out the reason. If he could figure it out, Ye Xiu had most definitely figured it out too. He might be older than Ye Xiu by a few years, but they had the same experience in terms of Glory.</p>
    <p>Why did these eight guilds suddenly come up with a "peaceful way" after so many years of fighting and scheming with each other? All because of the pressure from Ye Xiu!</p>
    <p>Even though they always felt like Ye Xiu should be powerless as a single individual, this single individual had made them suffer losses who knew how many times! So what if he was just an individual? He was constantly a source of their misfortune. How could they ignore him as an opponent simply because he was a single individual?</p>
    <p>Against such a strong foe, the guilds didn't dare expose any openings, especially after the Wilderness Town fiasco. This individual had picked up a few friends. Deception and Heavenly Justice, with such powerful helpers, how could he be considered powerless?</p>
    <p>Wei Chen was just about to loot a burning house, but because of Ye Xiu's existence, the fire disappeared. What could that be called other than a robbery? Wei Chen wasn't some powerful manager. For him, let alone killing a wild boss, just seeing one wasn't easy. If not, why would he not have any materials? Why else would his Death's Hand still only be Level 60 after all these years?</p>
    <p>This time, a rare opportunity came, but because of a reason like this, the opportunity vanished like thin air. Wei Chen wanted to murder Ye Xiu right now.</p>
    <p>"Don't be anxious. Seeing how dirty your two teams are playing, let me think of something." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Don't tell me to attack them directly and stir up trouble! We're too low-leveled. Everyone present is a core elite. To tell you the truth, I'm afraid they've already seen through our guild tags. If you do that type of method, we'll easily be spotted." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Timing and method are important in stirring up trouble. You're method is too direct. We can be a bit more clever. For example, they'll be organizing their experts to fight in the Arena. They'll definitely be taking the top players from their guilds, so we can act while they're not there. Moreover, we don't have to directly attack them. We can send in a poisonous worm or take the chance to attack the boss. In any case, they'll have a lot to deal with." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Maybe we can announce the boss to the world." Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"We can do that too. However, if the eight guilds have already publicly announced it, the eight guilds will have allied together. Who has the strength to compete with them now?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Don't say it like that! We're going to have to do it!" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Right right right, I forgot." Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>"The things you talked about are possible..." Wei Chen began thinking, "If they've made the post, then they must have welcome people to come watch as proof. It should be obvious when they fight the boss. We can begin then."</p>
    <p>"We can make our arrangements now." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Yes, I'll get busy. This senior will gather a bunch of poisonous worms to receive these young masters!" Wei Chen cackled.</p>
    <p>"Do you see the boss? If the opportunity comes, aggro it, even if it costs you your life." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"That must be done." Wei Chen replied.</p>
    <p>"That's good then."</p>
    <p>"Now that I think about it, isn't your existence worthless right now?" Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"How uncultured. When the time comes, I can come out and make a stand. Just my head and name will gather lots of attention." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Wei Chen went silent for a long time. He couldn't help but admit that this was true and sighed: "D*mn, you really are sh*t!"</p>
    <p>Everything went as they had predicted. The eight guilds made a post for proof. The more witnesses the better. They quickly announced the competition and all spectators were welcome. The players knew the competition would be between the top experts of each guild. Even though they weren't pro level players, they were still far better than everyone else. They were also easy to find in the game and were a sort of grassroot celebrities.</p>
    <p>"Observe the areas under each guild's control. We'll have an order in which we stir up trouble, so we should do some research." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Hm? Have the ones who lose cause trouble." Wei Chen immediately understood.</p>
    <p>"I'll be watching them. Wait for my message." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"I'm not ready yet. Don't rush it." Wei Chen hurried with his work.</p>
    <p>"And that's my fault?" Ye Xiu was speechless.</p>
    <p>"Aren't you a God?" Wei Chen began arguing again.</p>
  </body>
</html>
