<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1543 - Late</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1543 - Late</h1>
    <p>Tyranny was the Alliance's boldest and most hot-blooded team, and likewise, their fans were also the most passionate and the fiercest. But at the same time, Tyranny was also Glory's most cultured team.</p>
    <p>Cultured...</p>
    <p>The word didn't seem to fit in with Tyranny's image. Do everything you can to win because winning is glory. This concept had no contradiction with Tyranny.　</p>
    <p>Tyranny was their romance. Even though this so-called "romance" had no connection with the word.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan's way of conduct didn't conform with their romance.</p>
    <p>However, they could feel this old general's desire for victory. They didn't have to like his methods, but they had to recognize his efforts. It was similar to how even though they hated Ye Xiu, they recognized his might.　　</p>
    <p>Tyranny's fans had well-defined likes and dislikes.</p>
    <p>Love and hate had intertwined on a single person, and they didn't know how to feel.</p>
    <p>The atmosphere of the stadium didn't interfere with the match.</p>
    <p>Up ahead was favorable terrain for Lin Jingyan. If Su Mucheng didn't go after him though, Lin Jingyan could take advantage of the rules to create a favorable situation for him.</p>
    <p>Either way, it wouldn't be good for Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>But Dancing Rain didn't stop. She continued to chase after Dark Thunder, but her pathing was shifted by a certain amount.</p>
    <p>This is...</p>
    <p>Everyone looked for where Dancing Rain was moving towards.　</p>
    <p>Oh!!</p>
    <p>The experts soon realized her gaol.　　</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng was taking advantage of that fact that Lin Jingyan wasn't taking the initiative to attack her. She wasn't in a hurry to chase after Dark Thunder. Instead, she was taking a roundabout route so that she could enter Lin Jingyan's desired area from the side. In this way, even though she would still have to fight in unfavorable terrain, Lin Jingyan wouldn't have the initiative.</p>
    <p>She hadn't completely eliminated the disadvantage, but she had reduced it.　</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn't have a good way to stop her. If he continued to try and restrict her movements, the referee would judge only him as being passive. Lin Jingyan dared to exploit the rules because he knew how the referee would judge the situation. In the end, he could only have Dark Thunder continue along his original path towards the region with limestones. Dark Thunder soon arrived there and hid behind a pile of limestone.</p>
    <p>He had disappeared from Su Mucheng's view, but with Dancing Rain entering the region from the side, she could also hide herself using the limestones as cover.</p>
    <p>Previously, the enemy would have known her location, while she would have been in the dark. Now, neither the enemy nor her knew her location. This was Su Mucheng's aim.</p>
    <p>That was what practically everyone though, but to their surprise, Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain began attacking before she even stepped into the region.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Artillery fire roared.</p>
    <p>What?</p>
    <p>Everyone was confused.</p>
    <p>By doing this, wouldn't the enemy know where she was, while she didn't know where the enemy was? Even if Lin Jingyan couldn't see her, he could get her approximate location through sound alone. Everyone thought that Su Mucheng would do the same as Lin Jingyan. Her character would enter the region and use the limestones as cover. Then, through her long range attacks, she would search for her opponent. But before she even reached the area, she started attacking.</p>
    <p>These attacks wouldn't be able to reach Lin Jingyan. It wasn't a matter of whether or not he could be seen. Lin Jingyan could use the limestone as cover to protect himself.</p>
    <p>What is she doing?</p>
    <p>Everyone looked at Dancing Rain curiously. The limestone was quite sturdy. Her Launcher attacks were only able to break off small pieces of it a time, so it wasn't like she could just blast away all the obstacles there.</p>
    <p>However, Dancing Rain continued to attack as she moved.　</p>
    <p>The sound of cannon fire and explosions were mixed together. Was she planning on making it so that Lin Jingyan wouldn't be able to find her through sound alone.　</p>
    <p>It did have a masking effect, but wasn't it just to hide her true location? What was the difference between doing this and going into the region silently?</p>
    <p>After the camera switched to Lin Jingyan's perspective, everyone understood.</p>
    <p>There was a difference!</p>
    <p>With a silent infiltration, neither side would know each other's position. They could only slowly search for each other. It would be a matter of luck, and if she suddenly encountered her opponent int close range, it would be extremely bad for her Launcher.</p>
    <p>But now, by taking the initiative to attack, she was exposing her own position, but at the same time, she was baiting Lin Jingyan into making a move. Lin Jingyan's judgement was extremely important. If he made a mistake, he would expose himself to Su Mucheng's attacks. However, if he could clearly figure out her position amidst all this loud noise, then he could directly get close to her.</p>
    <p>This was a gamble!</p>
    <p>She was betting on Lin Jingyan's ability to find her.　　</p>
    <p>And so how was Lin Jingyan doing?</p>
    <p>The camera switched to Lin Jingyan's perspective. The viewers could hear whatever Lin Jingyan was hearing. They tried to get a feel for distance and direction like what Lin Jingyan was doing. Soon, the normal players felt defeated. What was all this! The noise was everywhere. There was no way to tell what was what. But Lin Jingyan? His Dark Thunder moved precisely, and from their bird's eye view of the map, they could see that he was moving towards Dancing Rain's position. When they put the two together, they could see that he was also using the limestones as cover as he approached.</p>
    <p>Perhaps it was a hard to get her precise location now, but as he got closer, it would be easier.　　</p>
    <p>But at this moment, the battle had taken a turn that no one had expected.</p>
    <p>Although the limestones didn't completely crumble under Dancing Rain's attacks, bits and pieces would chip off. Gradually, the dust from the limestone began to fill the air, becoming more and more dense.</p>
    <p>"A smoke bomb..." Pan Lin blurted out. The visibility in this area was decreasing as time went on, and the approaching Dark Thunder was gradually being surrounded by this dust.　</p>
    <p>"This is part of Su Mucheng's plan too, right?" Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"I... don't think so!" Li Yibo said. Because the dust was slowly accumulating, by the time they noticed it, the dust had already spread everywhere. Even though the dust hid her to some extent, it also hid the enemy. It was actually more unfavorable for the Launcher. Since it reduced her visibility, by the time she noticed her enemy, they would be at mid-distance and she wouldn't be able to display her long-ranged advantage.</p>
    <p>This was definitely an accident.</p>
    <p>Because she had to keep attacking the limestone relatively close to her, the situation had unknowingly turned out this way. The biggest proof was that she stopped firing. Su Mucheng clearly understood that she couldn't continue like this.</p>
    <p>"Ah, random maps!" Li Yibo sighed. It was a situation brought about by random maps. The plan might be good, but there was no way to know everything about the map.</p>
    <p>This was certainly a good opportunity for Lin Jingyan. After he discovered this point, he didn't hesitate for long. He used the dust as cover and had Dark Thunder dash towards Dancing Rain's approximate location.</p>
    <p>Artillery fire could be heard again.</p>
    <p>"What?" Seeing Dancing Rain suddenly attack again and seemingly faster too, Pan Lin was confused.</p>
    <p>Too late!　　</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan had determined Dancing Rain's position because of the pause from Su Mucheng. It had probably been an instinctive pause. Su Mucheng quickly realized her mistake, so she started attacking more intensely than before.</p>
    <p>But she was too late.</p>
    <p>That pause was enough for Lin Jingyan to determine her precise location.　　</p>
    <p>Launcher attacks weren't rapid-fire. After firing once, she had to reload. That was why she needed to mix in the sound of explosions to hide it. But by suddenly stopping, her final shot became incomparably clear, and Lin Jingyan grasped it.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng had realized it and hastily tried to cover for her mistake, but she was too late.　</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder suddenly appeared in front of her. The distance was only five units.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>No hesitation.　</p>
    <p>He couldn't miss such a rare opportunity. He needed to stick close and finish her.　　</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain immediately turned around and attacked.</p>
    <p>Aerial Cannon, just like he expected!</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>Dark Thunder immediately activated this Striker skill. The Super Armor protected him from being knocked back by the artillery shells. He took a wide step and launched himself from the ground, Powerful Knee Strike!</p>
    <p>The knee strike was far faster than the retreating Dancing Rain. The distance between them was instantly wiped away, and with Reinforced Iron Bones activated, he wasn't affected by her attacks.</p>
    <p>But he didn't want the knee strike to connect. He wanted to get close to Dancing Rain, not knock her away.</p>
    <p>The instant he got close to her, he cancelled Powerful Knee Strike. His hands extended out.　　</p>
    <p>Grab!　　</p>
    <p>If he had been a Striker or a Grappler, this grab would have likely missed because the distance was rather far still. Their arms weren't long enough.</p>
    <p>However, Brawlers were different. Brawlers could wear claws. Claws were the only Fighter weapons with a bit of reach. His two hands might not be able to grab onto Dancing Rain, but the claws on his hands could. His weapon, One Night Eight Desolates, extended his reach, making this distance just enough for him to land the grab. His claws latched onto Dancing Rain's shoulders.</p>
    <p>Back Throw!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn't use Fling. Instead, he used the sub Level 20 Grappler skill, Back Throw. The target would be thrown directly behind him, instead of far away.</p>
    <p>The Back Throw was completed. Dark Thunder threw Dancing Rain behind him, but when he looked towards the ground, Lin Jingyan was stunned.</p>
    <p>The dust from the limestone was very dense. He couldn't see the ground.</p>
    <p>He couldn't see the ground...</p>
    <p>Wait...</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan realized it too late! The two characters plunged into the lava.</p>
  </body>
</html>
