<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 754: Team Blue Rain’s Important "Transfer"</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 754: Team Blue Rain’s Important "Transfer"</h1>
    <p>A week passed swiftly. Zhang Xinjie and Lin Jingyan both joined hands to help Tyrannical Ambition, stirring up trouble in the competition for wild bosses. The other guilds could only admire Tyrannical Ambition for having these kinds of pro players helping. In any case, that was current situation. They braced themselves for battle. Even if they couldn’t get the boss, they still needed to try their best! None of this could be considered new for the Club guilds for these two months in the summer. It was just the first time Tyrannical Ambition came out with such force.</p>
    <p>As for the other Club guilds, it wasn’t like no pro players came to their aid. At Blue Brook Guild, Lu Hanwen was as diligent and fierce as before. This youth seemed to have an endless amount of energy and no matter how many times he failed, his spirit stayed strong. After a day of defeats, he was still full of energy the next day. His yelling invigorated the morale of the other members in the guild.</p>
    <p>At Herb Garden, the pro player Liu Xiaobie participated. He became famous in the competitive scene for his hand speed, but because his control never fully matured, he was never able to completely utilize his advantage in hand speed. In a large-scale group battle, he was just another strong individual like Lu Hanwen. His value to Herb Garden wasn’t as high as the value of an expert tactician like Zhang Xinjie.</p>
    <p>At the same time, although Team Excellent Era may have been relegated, their guild Excellent Dynasty couldn’t be counted out. However, their competitive strength was just so-so. Their performance wasn’t anything special.</p>
    <p>As for the newly championed Samsara, their record this week wasn’t great either. They continued to be disappointed at being unable to fulfill their reputation as the new champions. In addition, there were rumors of sparks flying between their first and second elite group. It seemed like their relationships weren’t good. Quite a few guilds caught the smell of it and found out that a lot of small teams were becoming restless.</p>
    <p>In comparison, Howling Heights stood out. Their Team Wind Howl’s newly joined Tang Hao was exceptionally diligent. From time to time, he would go into the game and help the guild. Last season’s Best Rookie, Zhao Yuzhe, also frequently appeared in the game.</p>
    <p>However, Tyrannical Ambition was still the guild, which won the most. The pro players of the other guilds showed up randomly like the boss. They didn’t often stay on for long. On the other hand, Tyranny’s two pro players helped out the guild everyday as if it were their full time job.</p>
    <p>Even though Tyrannical Ambition was dazzling, Ye Xiu and the four guild alliance still drew in the most attention. It was simply because these guilds had never been opponents in the eyes of other guilds. However, now that they had joined together, they were second only to Tyrannical Ambition this week.</p>
    <p>Tyrannical Ambition ruled the daytime. The four guild alliance ruled the night. In any case, it wasn’t any other guild.</p>
    <p>As for Ye Xiu, apart from being second only to Tyrannical Ambition in the wild boss competition, he had killed Deception numerous times this week. Besides the main account Deception, there was his alternate account called Not White. He even discovered a second alternate account called White Not. It was the so-called the crafty bunny has three burrows. Deception had three accounts and occasionally appeared in the wild boss battlefields. But he encountered Ye Xiu every time and his death was inevitable. Deception sometimes died in confusion, while other times with a clear understanding of what had happened. But after realizing why he was dying, he could guess the reasons for his confusing deaths.</p>
    <p>Poor Deception! This week, his harvests had decreased considerably. Even worse, Ye Xiu’s power surpassed his imagination. He couldn’t just avoid those few players that he recognized. Deception had no idea which people belonged to Ye Xiu. In any case, no matter which account he used or which wild boss battlefield he went to, there would always be people shouting and trying to kill him.</p>
    <p>Deception really wanted to find Ye Xiu and ask him what exactly he wanted, but in his recent four deaths, he had yet to see Ye Xiu’s character, so he had no way of throwing out his question.</p>
    <p>That was more or less how his week progressed. Outside of the game, there were quite a few other transfers, but the only two important transfers were Lin Jingyan and Tang Hao. Xiao Shiqin was a big name too, but he had joined Excellent Era, which wouldn’t be a part of the Alliance next season. After being criticized as an idiot, very few paid any further attention to his situation.</p>
    <p>News of the competitive scene during the summer mostly consisted of transfers. Rumors and guesses filled the air. This week, most of the discussion was focused on who Team Hundred Blossoms, which now had ten million in their hands, would pick up to inherit their core Spitfire character, Dazzling Blossoms.</p>
    <p>The problem was that after Zhang Jiale retired, there was no other Spitfire player at his level. No Spitfire player looked to be qualified enough to become the team’s core player. Thus, there were actually more potential recruits to choose from. Team Blue Rain’s Zheng Xuan, Team Royal Style’s Shen Wanhe, and Team Void’s Ge Zhaolan were all relatively good players, but they were still lacking compared to a God like Zhang Jiale. Become a team’s ace player and core? Did the above-mentioned players have that potential? Many people believed that since there weren’t any outstanding Spitfire players currently in the Alliance, Team Hundred Blossoms might be better off giving Zou Yuan another chance. Zou Yuan was at least familiar with Team Hundred Blossom’s environment and tactics. Last season, Tang Hao’s outstanding performance caused them to change their style. Zou Yuan’s position as the core wasn’t well established as a result. This season, if they firmly established Zou Yuan as the core and polished him over the course of the season, he might not be any worse than any player that could be bought.</p>
    <p>Opinions flew around, but Team Hundred Blossoms still didn’t seem to be making any movements. For transfers, making the first move was an advantage. If they waited too long, it might not be possible to make a pick. They might not be able to spend their ten million yuan check because a player could only be transferred once during the transfer window. If another team picked up a player that Team Hundred Blossoms had been eyeing, Team Hundred Blossoms had no way of re-signing that player this summer. Team Hundred Blossoms didn’t make any hints at a transfer nor did they say anything about Zou Yuan’s position. The fans were currently very worried. Quite a few thought of their retired captain Zhang Jiale again.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s retirement was very sudden. No one thought that it was time for him to retire yet. Zhang Jiale was an old player, who had joined the competitive scene in season two. This year, he would be 25, which was considered quite old. However, it wasn’t so old that he couldn’t keep playing. As the Alliance grew, innovations in tactics and playstyles were constantly being developed. As a result, the length of a player’s career extended too. Lin Jingyan had joined Team Tyranny. Han Wenqin proclaimed their goal to be the champions. These two old generals were two years older than Zhang Jiale. They were still as ambitious as ever. Why couldn’t the younger Zhang Jiale come back?</p>
    <p>These were just the fan’s hopes and guesses. Club Hundred Blossoms hadn’t given out any statements yet.　　</p>
    <p>Week two of the transfer window had no big transfers. However, Team Blue Rain announced a promotion for someone in their training camp. A new young player would be officially joining their team next season: Lu Hanwen.</p>
    <p>An unknown newcomer usually wouldn’t receive much attention, but Team Blue Rain convened a press conference solely for him, calling it an important "transfer" for this new season. Their bombast and confident statement drew in much curiosity.</p>
    <p>The media did some digging and was shocked.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen was only 14 years old. After registering as an official player, he would be the youngest player ever to join the Alliance.</p>
    <p>In the early years of professional Glory, there were strict requirements. A player must be at least 18 years old to join, possess the capacity for civil conduct, and independently assume any civil obligations according to the law. These requirements had to do with the social environment at that time. Going into eSports wasn’t considered as a respectable job. Investing in the game as a pro player was looked down on even more. Under these concerns, a minor would only have their education delayed and also be pushed in the wrong direction.</p>
    <p>As the Glory competitive scene rapidly grew, people became more accepting of a career as a pro player and no longer saw it as something terrible like in the early days. Many started looking upon the Glory competitive scene like traditional sports such as football and basketball.The Alliance constantlyrevised their regulations and the age limit was removed. However, a 14 year old like Lu Hanwen becoming a pro player was worthy of shock.</p>
    <p>In the press conference, everyone saw Glory’s youngest pro player ever. His innocent face and voice didn’t appear nervous at all in front of the media. He said whatever he was thinking and answered any questions that came at him. His behavior was enough to make them think of him as the opposite of the current number one player in Glory, Zhou Zekai. The experienced reporters could tell that Lu Hanwen had never received any special training for interviews. He was just acting like a kid would. The media liked energetic players like him. However, as a pro player, his actual skill was still a question.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, there was still a long time before the start of the new season. Even when the season started, it was hard to say when a new player like him would come up on stage. It wasn’t like there hadn’t been cases of a reserve player sitting on the bench for the entire season. What’s more, most of these cases were new recruits. Didn’t Team Tiny Herb have a reserve player who never appeared on stage in the entire last season?</p>
    <p>Poor Qiao Yifan. Many were comparing him to Team Blue Rain’s newcomer, but practically no one knew his name. They just vaguely remembered that there was such a player. In many people’s eyes, Team Tiny Herb only had one newcomer that season, Gao Yingjie. As for Team Blue Rain’s new recruit? He was completely unknown. Even though Team Blue Rain spread news of his addition to the team, they didn’t give any concrete information. The media didn’t even know what class this kid played.　</p>
    <p>Would he be a new star in Glory?</p>
    <p>People now had even more to look forward to next season.</p>
  </body>
</html>
