<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1024: That Also Counts as a 1v3?</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1024: That Also Counts as a 1v3?</h1>
    <p>On stage, the last one standing was Lord Grim. One Autumn Leaf lay at his feet. One Autumn Leaf had once brought Ye Xiu boundless glory. This time, it was his opponent, and it fell by his hand.</p>
    <p>The crowd was silent. Team Happy's few fans had also forgotten to cheer.</p>
    <p>He won?</p>
    <p>They had a hard time believing it. One Autumn Leaf's Rising Dragon Soars the Sky had been filled with vigor. Dragon Raising Its Head into Dragon Looks Back. Such a crazy technique made them believe that Lord Grim had fallen. But the last one standing on stage was Lord Grim. What exactly happened in that moment?</p>
    <p>The broadcast took great pains to replay that moment. In comparison, Ye Xiu's final blow to One Autumn Leaf wasn't anything special. He just took advantage of the ending lag from One Autumn Leaf's high level move and did a quick combo. Neither side had much health left, so a quick combo was enough to finish off One Autumn Leaf.</p>
    <p>The broadcast replayed the clip. It followed Lord Grim and showed the moment he blocked the Dragon Looks Back from behind.</p>
    <p>0.03% health. The clip intentionally zoomed in on Lord Grim's health.</p>
    <p>"What a spectacular block. However, it was extremely risky. That final 0.03% health left is evidence of that. If that block had been off in the slightest, it would have been a different result." Pan Lin came out of his disappointment and commented on the replay. For him personally, he had no bias towards Ye Xiu or Sun Xiang. He just wanted more to talk about. Sun Xiang's Dragon Looks Back giving the final blow to Ye Xiu would definitely have been much more exciting. Pan Lin looked at things from the media's point of view. He had hoped for more flashy performances. The outcome made him a bit disappointed, but he had to admit that this fight had been a brilliant one.</p>
    <p>"Coach Li, 0.03% health. Do you think that Ye Xiu actually planned for that to happen or was it just luck?" Pan Lin asked.</p>
    <p>"..." Li Yibo was annoyed. Can you not ask me to guess what Ye Xiu was thinking?</p>
    <p>Pan Lin saw Li Yibo furrow his brows without saying anything. He immediately feigned as if those words were just a sigh and switched topics.</p>
    <p>In the crowd, Team Tiny Herb's three players were discussing this question.</p>
    <p>"Probably luck? 0.03% health? That number is too precise. I think it's luck." Liu Xiaobie expressed. As a Blade Master, he naturally had a deep understanding of blocking and knew the difficulty of executing such a block.</p>
    <p>"Under normal situations, it'd be nearly impossible to calculate, but Ye Xiu should have a very good understanding of his opponent's character, no? So it's possible that he could have such a precise calculation." Xu Bin said.</p>
    <p>"But One Autumn Leaf is a bit different than before from what I see." Gao Yingjie said.</p>
    <p>"Hm, that's true." Xu Bin nodded his head.</p>
    <p>"So it's luck?" Liu Xiaobie said.</p>
    <p>"It's hard to say..... In any case, you can't be careless when facing him." Xu Bin said.　　</p>
    <p>"Will he be our opponent in the future?" Liu Xiaobie mumbled softly. Ye Xiu's victory had completely changed the atmosphere in the stadium, but the problem was that Happy was still on the losing side. Team Excellent Era still has two players left. As for Happy? Lord Grim only has 0.03% health. He pretty much doesn't count... even if he tried to hide and recover his health, his opponent probably wouldn't give him enough time. Moreover, Wish Prayer was still on cooldown. In the group arena, there was no recovery after a round was complete. Whatever state you are in when the round ends will be the same at the start of the next round.</p>
    <p>Happy was still in a disadvantageous position. Excellent Era was a pro team that had experienced hundreds of matches. They wouldn't be shaken by a single loss even if it was their ace player.</p>
    <p>Liu Xiaobie wasn't wrong. However, he neglected the relationship between Ye Xiu and Excellent Era.</p>
    <p>If it were any other player that took Sun Xiang down, Excellent Era could regain their calm and continue with their advantage, but it was Ye Xiu who took down Sun Xiang, the one who was supposed to be his successor. However, Sun Xiang lost. The implications of this loss were simply too great.</p>
    <p>The instant One Autumn Leaf fell, Team Excellent Era's boss Tao Xuan almost went insane. The importance of this confrontation was as important as the entire finals, yet they lost in such a manner... Lord Grim only had 0.03% health left. People might not stress this small detail. Ye Xiu won. Sun Xiang lost. That was the result. In view of this result, people might talk more about how Lord Grim wasn't at full health from the beginning. Tao Xuan could imagine how the media would ask sharp questions about this fight. How would he explain it when the time came?</p>
    <p>Tao Xuan's expression was incomparably ugly. Excellent Era's other players subconsciously kept their distance from their boss. At this moment, Sun Xiang exited the stage to their bench. His gaze was filled with incredulousness. He had actually lost. He had faced a character who was inferior to One Autumn Leaf and was also not at full health, yet he still lost to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Why did it turn out this way?</p>
    <p>Am I really not as good as him?</p>
    <p>This was the first time Sun Xiang doubted himself because this time, he couldn't find any excuse. His gaze shifted to the other side at Happy's bench, but he unexpectedly saw Ye Xiu also exit the stage.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang stared blankly.</p>
    <p>Why did Ye Xiu come out? Players were not allowed to leave the stage in the middle of a match. Doing that was equivalent to forfeiting!</p>
    <p>At this moment, the referee jogged over to Happy's seats.</p>
    <p>"What are you doing? You don't know that players are not allowed to leave the stage mid-match?" The referee asked. Leaving was absolutely not permitted, but special circumstances needed to be treated appropriately. For example, if something happened to a player's health or condition. As a result, the referee still asked.</p>
    <p>"I know, but I only have so little health remaining. Is there any point in continuing?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Can't you.... Do that something?" The referee was reserved. He felt too embarrassed to say heal himself.</p>
    <p>"Haha, it's fine. I did a 1v3! I should give the other players a chance!" Ye Xiu said and continued to walk down from the stage. This move could only be deemed as a forfeit. There weren't any other penalizations.</p>
    <p>The referee stood there in a daze.</p>
    <p>"1v3? When did he 1v3? Did he accidentally miscount?"</p>
    <p>How puzzling! The screen in the stadium showed the scoreboard for the group arena. The referee took a glance and nearly coughed blood.</p>
    <p>From this meticulous scoreboard, it could clearly be seen that Lord Grim had won against Life Extinguisher.</p>
    <p>As a result, in theory, Ye Xiu did a 1v3. That was certainly true. Xiao Shiqin had left the stage in that confrontation!</p>
    <p>But who didn't know the circumstances? Xiao Shiqin had used up all his mana. The two hadn't done anything to each other. Xiao Shiqin just typed GG and left. This type of victory counted as a statistic, but how could the player be so bold as to actually count it as one?</p>
    <p>1v3? That counts as a 1v3?</p>
  </body>
</html>
