<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1092: A Hundred Tricks</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1092: A Hundred Tricks</h1>
    <p>When Ninjas used ninjatos, they could climb rocks unlike other classes. Thus, in theory, while other classes couldn't jump onto the cliff, Ninjas could use their ninjatos to climb on.</p>
    <p>The other classes could only sit there and watch, while the Ninjas from the various guilds rushed out, brandishing their ninjatos in preparation to scale the cliff.</p>
    <p>But using a ninjato required technique. Although normal players could perform a few tricks, knowing a few tricks wasn't going to be enough to chase a target. What was needed was speed and efficiency. As a result, everyone watched as the Ninjas rushed forward aggressively, climbed for a bit, and then dropped down like dumplings one by one. The number of players who could stay on the cliff could be counted on one hand.</p>
    <p>However, among the Ninjas who could remain on the cliff, there were a few that stood out, especially the fastest one. His movements flowed smooth as water. He was the number one Ninja in Glory, Team Misty Rain's Li Hua, who used the character Dark Forest.</p>
    <p>From Li Hua's Ninja, everyone could see hope. Everyone was filled with expectations as they raised their heads high, hoping Li Hua could accomplish something. But soon afterwards, a cold bucket of water splashed on them, extinguishing what little hope they had left.</p>
    <p>Someone had attacked down from above the cliff. A Laser Rifle shot over. Even though Li Hua reacted quickly and dodged it, that was just the first test. All sorts of long-ranged attacks rained down the cliff as if they were all trying to outdo each other.</p>
    <p>His guild's pro players closed their eyes, unable to keep looking. In this situation, Li Hua being able to smoothly scale the walls was quite good, but wanting him to pursue and attack? Intercept them? Forget about it…..</p>
    <p>Yes, forget about it.</p>
    <p>After dodging a few waves of attacks, Li Hua let out a sigh and chose to give up and return to the mountain stream along with the few other Ninjas, who were still hanging on.</p>
    <p>"Thanks!"</p>
    <p>In the global chat, Lord Grim said a single word.　　</p>
    <p>"Despicable!"</p>
    <p>"Shameless!"</p>
    <p>"B*stard!"</p>
    <p>"Ruthless!"</p>
    <p>"Next time, you'll see!"</p>
    <p>After Lord Grim said thanks, replies came one after the other. The reactions and hand speed of the pro players were worthy of their reputation.</p>
    <p>The conversation in the global chat caused a commotion for the players. Everyone knew who Lord Grim was, but who were the guys replying back? No one had heard of them, yet they dared to challenge Lord Grim? Did these idiots not know who Lord Grim was?</p>
    <p>"F*ck, where'd so many idiots come from?" Someone felt indignant at the injustice and made a remark.　　</p>
    <p>"Yeah! Do you guys not know who Lord Grim is?"</p>
    <p>"If they knew, they'd probably shit their pants."</p>
    <p>"Haha, stupid noobs. They don't even know who Lord Grim is. Go back to school."</p>
    <p>Trash talk came one after the other. The normal players might not be able to compare to pro players in fighting, but there was no lack of talented trash talkers. In an instant, words filled the screen. Everyone in the pro teams didn't know whether to laugh or cry and couldn't help but be at a loss for words.</p>
    <p>"You guys don't even know the situation and you're bombing the screen. Who doesn't know that Lord Grim is Ye Qiu? You guys need to get your facts straight first. Don't you know how many people you've hurt with that screen bomb? It's best if you don't know. If you guys knew, you'd probably be crying tears!" For the pro players, there was only Huang Shaotian who wouldn't be outdone by the normal players in trash talking. Huang Shaotian's trash talking might not be too sharp and mean, but just the length alone would let him win if you went back and forth with him.</p>
    <p>But this wasn't the Glory competition stage. This was the Heavenly Domain. Huang Shaotian wasn't up against five people. He was up against the millions playing the game. As soon as the players saw that someone was actually returning fire, they weren't going to let this rest. For a moment, the global chat had turned into a war. All sorts of players were talking trash about Huang Shaotian's Blade Master.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian's win condition was by length, but up against the torrent of players, he was defeated in the end. It was a miserable defeat too. Apart from being one against many, the global chat had another big limitation for Huang Shaotian: talking had a cooldown.</p>
    <p>"They're pissing me off!"</p>
    <p>Because of the cooldown, he could only watch as people talked trash about him. For Huang Shaotian, there was nothing more hellish than this.</p>
    <p>"You guys are all talk! 1v1 me! Does anyone dare to? Let's take this to the Arena. Fighting a hundred of you pieces of wood wouldn't be a problem!!!!" When Huang Shaotian realized that trash talking in the global chat was unwise, he tried to shift it to PvP.</p>
    <p>How could the players retreat? People immediately replied. Some even ran over to create a room for Huang Shaotian to hurry up and bow down to them.</p>
    <p>"That's enough. Do you plan on making next week's headlines?" Seeing that Huang Shaotian was actually intent on going to the Arena and have a bloody battle with these players, Yu Wenzhou finally spoke up.</p>
    <p>In the end, Huang Shaotian didn't go to the Arena. The players who had opened up rooms, waiting for him, waited and waited, but didn't see him. How could there not scorching remarks fired at him? Fortunately, everyone in Team Blue Rain, including Huang Shaotian, had already logged off.</p>
    <p>Shadow Commander Shaan was taken away by Happy just like this. If the guilds wanted to chase, they would have to go all the way around the cliff. There clearly wasn't enough time, so their only choice was to give up.</p>
    <p>Dragon Swordsman, then Shadow Commander Shaan.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain and Thunderclap had been thoroughly beaten by Happy two times in a row. The first time, their loss was fine. Ye Xiu had shown that he was more familiar and experienced at large-scale in-game battles than them. But the second time, everyone had clearly gotten there first, but Ye Xiu seemed to have descended from the heavens, relying on his shameless unspecialized class to steal the boss. That made them furious.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain, Thunderclap, and the pro players from other teams gave an announcement to their teams: when hunting for wild bosses, the first task is to be on guard against Ye Xiu. The danger from this guy was even scarier than the other guilds combined. It was as if nothing could be done about it. Today's carelessness definitely couldn't happen again.</p>
    <p>Soon afterwards, an opportunity to test the guilds had come. Both sides once again met. It was Gray Corner's wild boss, the Brawler Killer Dinglong.</p>
    <p>From this boss's name, it sounded like he was a Fighter class, but in reality, he was a Gunner class. This time, there were a lot of guilds that got the news. Samsara and Tyranny. Their guilds unexpectedly didn't get the news for the previous two boss fights. But they weren't going to miss it this time. There was also Blue Rain and Thunderclap. After the two sides met, they remained silent for a long time. For this week's Level 75 wild bosses, these two had done the best in terms of gathering intelligence. Three wild bosses had spawned so far and they hadn't missed any of them. But so what? Despite not missing any of the spawns, the boss didn't go to them in the end. They had busied about for nothing.</p>
    <p>This was already the third time, and they didn't want to go back empty-handed again. However, the confrontation this time was going to be more intense than before. Apart from them, there was Hundred Blossoms, Misty Rain, and Void? None of those were cheerleaders.</p>
    <p>Fighting for wild bosses was like struggling for the championship title. Each side had a magnificent army with thousands of players, but only one side would win.　　</p>
    <p>At the Gray Market, the Brawler Killer Dinglong had spawned. Since this was a street market, it was going to be a street battle. Even though the guilds hadn't acted yet, they had already started sending out people in secret. There were many high points on the streets. For long-ranged classes, getting the high ground was extremely important for displaying their potential. Not long afterwards, the surrounding rooftops, pavilions, anywhere that was higher than the ground, had someone stationed there. The various guilds were all mixed together, looking at one another. No one said a word. They paid attention to the boss's situation, while keeping an eye on the other opposing guilds. As a result, in order to protect their long-ranged DPSers, melee classes began to climb up to the high points to protect their players. The Gray Market was unreasonably rowdy.</p>
    <p>"Oh, why are there so many people this time?"</p>
    <p>There was no limit to the rowdiness. The guilds were on guard, pondering over how they should fight this battle. At this moment, the evil that needed to be defended against had finally appeared. They hadn't found his character yet, but they could hear his voice.</p>
    <p>Happy had come!</p>
    <p>This news was like the news of an important person's death. The news was being spread everywere.　</p>
    <p>But when they tried looking for Happy, they were all in a daze.　　</p>
    <p>It wasn't Happy.</p>
    <p>Heavenly Justice, Radiant, Parade, Conquering Clouds... this group….. The guilds weren't strangers to them. In reality, for a long time, Happy hadn't been fighting alone. They would always be bunched together with these guilds, allying together to compete with the big guilds for the bosses.</p>
    <p>The previous two times, Happy had operated alone. Now, these four guilds had come together. Happy had already grown to such a level. Did they still need this Alliance?</p>
    <p>These guilds alone couldn't compare with the powerhouses, but together, their strength was evident. The pro players from the various guilds were almost about to collapse. This Ye Xiu. When there weren't too many people, he would play tactics with you. When the terrain wasn't easy to fight in, he would play his class against you. This time, there were numerous guilds participating. The competition was intense, so now he was playing the numbers game... no matter what the scenario, he had something prepared for you!</p>
    <p>The powerhouses wouldn't be lacking in numbers either, but those responsible for undertaking an important task like fighting for wild bosses couldn't be ordinary fans. The elite players needed to be organized and disciplined. They had to guarantee that they would be ready to form a group at any moment. The guilds had to ensure that there were always two or three groups ready. Normal players might occasionally have some time to spare, and would participate and have some fun, but if you truly wanted to be like these elite players and be ready on call tens of times a week, how many people could endure it?</p>
    <p>Normal players played the game for fun. Elite players played the game as if it were work.</p>
    <p>As a result, even though powerhouses had many players, for fighting wild bosses, which needed to be done tens of times a week, it wasn't possible to have their entire guild come and fight. The number advantage that Ye Xiu and his allied guilds had was truly troublesome. It wasn't easy to gather more elite helpers to face this type of alliance. For this alliance, if they saw that the situation wasn't looking good, they could just leave. But the guild's elite troops were an official establishment. They couldn't just kick people out. That would damage their image!</p>
  </body>
</html>
