<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1508 - Instant After Instant</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1508 - Instant After Instant</h1>
    <p>It was Luo Ji’s first time on the playoffs stage. He was a rookie that couldn’t be more of a rookie. If he knew that Zhang Xinjie was worried about him, his self-confidence would skyrocket.</p>
    <p>But no matter how much Zhang Xinjie was looking forward to what was to come from him, Luo Ji wasn’t going to give him face. His Summoner, Concealed Light, had yet to appear on the battlefield.</p>
    <p>The viewers didn’t know that Zhang Xinjie was thinking about Luo Ji. If not, the broadcast would have certainly given Concealed Light a few close-ups to see what he was so busy with that he couldn’t give this vice-captain any face.</p>
    <p>Luo Ji’s Concealed Light didn’t make any movements, but Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim did.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>A grenade exploded. Lord Grim tore through the explosion and rushed towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>In the end, Su Mucheng isn’t able to hold on and needs to be rescued?</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie’s attention quickly shifted towards that direction. As a Cleric, his job wasn’t just to keep up his team’s health. Clerics had many useful offensive support skills such as Sacred Fire, Hypnosis, Holy Commandment. This was the difference between Clerics and Paladins. Clerics served a more offensive role, while Paladins served a more defensive role.</p>
    <p>When Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim rushed forward, the first person to intercept him on Tyanny’s side was Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock.</p>
    <p>Immovable Rock lifted his Silver weapon, Backlight Cross, to his forehead and began casting a spell.</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire!</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire was a widely used Cleric skill. No one cared about the damage dealt by the skill. What mattered was the three seconds of Silence.</p>
    <p>Three seconds!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu would likely reach Su Mucheng within these three seconds, but if he couldn’t use any skills, how was he supposed to rescue her?</p>
    <p>Happy’s fans began to feel worried for Ye Xiu, seeing what Immovable Rock was about to do. Immovable Rock’s cast speed was extremely fast. The Sacred Fire was practically cast in an instant. White light radiated from the Backlight Cross. Then, the light seemed to leap across the void and disappeared. On the other side of the forest, a Sacred Fire suddenly burst forth in front of Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>It missed!</p>
    <p>Right when Lord Grim was about to take a step, he suddenly stopped, the Sacred Fire floating in front of him. Then, he gently circled around it and even took a glance at Immovable Rock.</p>
    <p>Was I discovered?</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie felt that it was a pity, but he wasn’t frustrated by it. Ambushes weren’t his specialty. What’s more, he was trying to ambush someone as experienced as Ye Xiu. Zhang Xinjie never placed all of his hopes on a single skill. The Sacred Fire missed? It was too bad, but it at least disrupted Lord Grim’s tempo.</p>
    <p>Dazzling Hundred Blossoms seized this opportunity to attack Lord Grim. As for Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust, he stepped to the side, stopping Su Mucheng’s attempt to move her Dancing Rain towards Lord Grim. A Launcher charging past a Striker was not a good idea.</p>
    <p>The blossoming light swallowed Lord Grim. Suddenly, the forest seemed to quiet down.</p>
    <p>What was missing?</p>
    <p>Negative Nine Degrees’ gunshots!</p>
    <p>Qin Muyun’s Negative Nine Degrees had been chasing after Lord Grim, but the blossoming light blocked his view. For a moment, he couldn’t lock onto his target.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>The sudden pause made Zhang Xinjie realize that the situation wasn’t good. It had interrupted Tyranny’s tempo. Ye Xiu had most likely intentionally let his Lord Grim get swallowed by the blossoming light. He had unexpectedly used his opponent’s offensive as a cover. It was unadorned disdain towards Zhang Jiale.</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie realized it as did Zhang Jiale. The blossoming light that he had sent over wasn’t a net, but a wall. If Ye Xiu continued to charge towards Dancing Rain, he would certainly suffer heavy damage. With Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust there, as well as a pincer from Zhang Jiale and Qin Muyun, they could eliminate him in one go.</p>
    <p>That was the best outcome, but Zhang Jiale didn’t think Ye Xiu was so stupid. But it turned out that Lord Grim really did walk right into it. In that instant, Zhang Jiale had been excited, but he soon realized that though Ye Xiu’s intrusion had been shallow. Lord Grim had walked into his Hundred Blossom style, but he didn’t continue moving through the wall.</p>
    <p>He’s using me as cover!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale and Zhang Xinjie reacted almost simultaneously. Zhang Jiale had Dazzling Hundred Blossoms hastily retract the light cover.</p>
    <p>Not good! Not good at all!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale had realized the problem, but his realization had been somewhat shallow. When he retracted the light cover, Zhang Xinjie immediately noticed an even deeper problem.</p>
    <p>By borrowing the light as a cover, Ye Xiu had interrupted Qin Muyun’s offensive and Tyranny’s tempo. Then, when Zhang Jiale noticed the problem, he adjusted his Hundred Blossoms style. Didn’t that mean he had interrupted Tyranny’s tempo twice?</p>
    <p>The interruptions had come one after the other. Although it was just for an instant, Qin Muyun and Zhang Jiale had stopped their attacks.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had been looking for this instant!</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The sounds of cannonfire.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain immediately seized this opening. She paved the way forward with her cannonfire. At the same time, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim charged fiercely at Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Having won the title of Best Partners for three consecutive years, the coordination between the two didn’t need to be explained. There was only one final obstacle in their path, Han Wenqing. Team Tyranny’s captain, Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones!</p>
    <p>No one knew if Han Wenqing had a complete grasp of the situation like Zhang Xinjie did, but when he saw Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu form a pincer onto him, he immediately had Desert Dust activate Reinforced Iron Bones.</p>
    <p>Then, he completely ignored Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust attacked Dancing Rain, ignoring Lord Grim’s attacks from behind. With Reinforced Iron Bones activated, these attacks would not hinder his movements. Right now, he only had one target in his sights, Dancing Rain, who was heading straight towards him!</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain’s artillery shells exploded onto Desert Dust, but it didn’t even phase him. At this moment, everyone experienced the ferocity of a tiger that had rampaged through the battlefield for ten years.</p>
    <p>The wind from his fists whistled by. Su Mucheng clearly hadn’t expected Han Wenqing to do this. It was too late for Dancing Rain to retreat. She could only do her best and face the Ferocious Tiger Flurry head-on.</p>
    <p>Dodge? Not possible. She could only try to minimize the damage that she took.</p>
    <p>A white light radiated from Desert Dust, who could ignore most attacks with Reinforced Iron Bones. The reason that he could bravely charge forward even if he didn’t have a grasp of the situation was because he trusted the person behind him. With him, not a drop of water would leak out. Anything he overlooked would be patched up.</p>
    <p>Opportunity was only for an instant.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had cleverly interrupted Qin Muyun’s and Zhang Jiale’s offensive, but in the end, he had been stopped by Han Wenqing.</p>
    <p>Opportunity was fleeting. Negative Nine Degrees and Dazzling Hundred Blossoms started their offensive again. The two characters had rushed over to surround them.</p>
    <p>Not only had Ye Xiu failed to rescue Su Mucheng, it looked like he was going to be trapped here too.</p>
    <p>Good, it was just a false alarm…</p>
    <p>Even Zhang Xinjie couldn’t help but let out a sigh of relief. But then, in that instant, a white light suddenly flashed from the depths of the forest.</p>
    <p>White light!</p>
    <p>A white light that Zhang Xinjie couldn’t be more familiar with!</p>
    <p>Chi!</p>
    <p>It was a gentle noise, but in that instant, Desert Dust became enshrouded in white flames.</p>
    <p>Reinforced Iron Bones, so what? Ferocious Tiger Flurry, so what?</p>
    <p>Sacred Fire!</p>
    <p>The Cleric’s Sacred Fire. The skill that Han Wenqing’s most reliable partner was proficient at was now burning Han Wenqing’s Desert Dust.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry was interrupted, and the Reinforced Iron Bones was dispelled.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim stepped forward, Falling Flower Palm!</p>
    <p>Boom! Desert Dust was sent flying. Lord Grim and Dancing Rain had finally convened. Negative Nine Degrees and Dazzling Hundred Blossoms were still firing at them, but the problem with long-ranged classes were that their control over the battle wasn’t enough. Trying to keep Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng there with just the two of them was too difficult, let alone when one of them had a giant shield…</p>
    <p>Happy’s An Wenyi, a rookie Cleric and a fan of Zhang Xinjie, used what Zhang Xinjie was most proficient at to help rescue Happy from a crisis.</p>
    <p>A pity!</p>
    <p>Zhang Xinjie could only say that it was a pity.</p>
    <p>He rarely made mistakes because he faced his mistakes. He wouldn’t get frustrated by his mistakes. It only made him work harder. Fights were always back and forth. Zhang Xinjie knew that it was not possible to have a 100% grasp in any situation.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu successfully convened with Su Mucheng, but the match was far from over! Who knew how many more back and forths there would be! The two had convened, but they hadn’t escaped, no?</p>
    <p>The gunfire from the two Gunners continued to weave in and out. Desert Dust, who had been sent flying by a Falling Flower Palm, was on his way back. Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder was actively drawing closer to the team, while being on the lookout for Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng had broken through the small net, but a bigger net was coming their way.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands’ position was now known. Another sneaky move like that Sacred Fire wouldn’t be so easy.</p>
  </body>
</html>
