<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 426 – To Lose Money Instead of Being Paid</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 426 – To Lose Money Instead of Being Paid</h1>
    <p>In Glory, it was actually very easy to prove one’s identity. If he just logged into a pro account like One Autumn Leaf, it didn’t matter if the one controlling it wasn’t Ye Qiu or Sun Xiang, the players would at least be convinced that he wasn’t some random person out on the street. The words he said would carry more weight than someone just randomly blurting out stuff in the global chat.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was obviously talking about Su Mucheng. If she had her Dancing Rain log in and say a few words, Chen Guo believed that it would be enough to convince those in the Heavenly Domain. Afterwards, by using the fans’ respect and adoration for their idol, Chen Guo felt like creating a guild would only be a matter of time. Moreover, these fans would certainly stand together with their God and protect him, just like her.</p>
    <p>“It’s……. possible, but it’s not time yet.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Too violent.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Violent?”</p>
    <p>“Right now, I’m already the target of a multitude of arrows. Fortunately, because the top guilds have been suffering losses at my hands the entire time, they’ll be planning their next moves with a more cautious approach. It would be better to use this opportunity to take things step by step. Your suggestion would instantly cause a huge commotion and force the top guilds to hurry and suppress me. In this type of situation, do you really think that myself and the hundred that have been gathered in one breath be able to compete in strength with these top guilds?”</p>
    <p>“You can’t?”</p>
    <p>“Even we were only against a single guild, we would still lose very quickly. Would you believe that?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No way.” Chen Guo was finding it a bit hard to believe. She felt that with Ye Xiu’s calling power, the number of fans he would gather would be more than enough to compete with a single guild.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu shook his head: “Don’t look down on these Club guilds. They’re all being managed down to a science. They’re on a completely different level than those guilds made for fun. If we pull a huge crowd of players like this, no matter how many players we gather, it’ll be no more than a grassroots organization. It would be enough to fight with guilds created by normal players, but if we’re going against Club guilds, they have a whole bunch of ways to make us collapse.”</p>
    <p>Chen Guo thought about it and realized that he was right. She had played for many years and had been with normal player guilds before joining Excellent Dynasty. Even though she wasn’t a core member, she could see how organized the guild was. If Ye Xiu hadn’t said anything, she probably wouldn’t have noticed this. Chen Guo thought about it again and found that she didn’t have confidence either.</p>
    <p>“The rich and powerful are rich and powerful because they have inside information. It’s not as simple as having a few God-level characters or God-level players in a team. You don’t want our team to be so short-lived as cause a bit of ruckus for a match and then be done, right?” Ye Xiu continued.</p>
    <p>“Mm, then you tell me what you want to do!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Just as she said this, Chen Guo saw several silhouettes flash by. Not waiting for Ye Xiu to reply, she immediately slid her mouse over to these silhouettes, ready to attack at any time. At the same time, she warned Ye Xiu: “There are players again.”</p>
    <p>“Don’t be so nervous.” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“Huh?” Chen Guo looked and when they came closer, she saw that it was the previous Loulan Slash and his group.</p>
    <p>Seeing that Ye Xiu wasn’t surprised, Chen Guo suddenly understood: “You asked them to come?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah!” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“What are you thinking?”</p>
    <p>“We’ll just join them temporarily. What do you think?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That sounds like a terrible idea!” Chen Guo immediately blurted out. She didn’t know Loulan Slash and just like many other players, she had a certain prejudice towards players who paid their way to power. In addition, Loulan Slash had thoughts of pulling in Ye Xiu, so Chen Guo didn’t have any good feelings towards him.</p>
    <p>“You don’t need to reply so quickly…….” Ye Xiu was speechless.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo humphed. Her mind was in a mess. In the end, the great God still needed to ally with rich people like this? Chen Guo was also hoping for Ye Xiu to do well, but she didn’t have the power to help him too much, so she once again became conflicted. It was just like that previous pro match, where she didn’t know who to choose. She knew that she couldn’t help in any pro level battles, but she would still be more than delighted to cheer for them. She just didn’t want to feel like she was nonexistent.</p>
    <p>“Hello. It’s nice to meet you again so soon.” Loulan Slash was still in the same five player party. In the blink of an eye, he walked up and greeted Ye Xiu and Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“Brothers, on the way here, have you thought about what I talked about previously?” Ye Xiu was very familiar with the practice in-game. He had only met them once before, but he was already calling them brothers as if they weren’t strangers.</p>
    <p>“Are you really Ye Qiu?” Loulan Slash’s tone was very proper.</p>
    <p>“I’m absolutely the Ye Qiu you’re thinking of.” Ye Xiu’s tone wasn’t bad either.</p>
    <p>“It sounds like you’re implying something?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“You’re being too suspicious.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Silence.</p>
    <p>“It really doesn’t matter if I’m Ye Qiu or not. Pulling me in will benefit you greatly.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That’s hard to say.” Loulan Slash laughed, “I found out that your situation isn’t looking very good.”</p>
    <p>“But I’m sure you’ve already made mental preparations for this type of situation. You just don’t know how much preparation you need and whether you can bear it, no?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo heard the two talking and was feeling a bit confused. She didn’t feel like she should ask either, so she could only quietly send Ye Xiu a message: “What are you guys talking about!”</p>
    <p>“I’ll tell you later!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash didn’t speak for a good while. Because this was in the game, his expression couldn’t be read. No one knew what he was thinking right now.</p>
    <p>“Your team is probably preparing to enter the qualifiers into the Alliance for next season, right?” Ye Xiu suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>“How did you know?” Loulan Slash was surprised.</p>
    <p>“It was just a random guess.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash didn’t dig deeper and happily admitted it: “We’ve already registered. Right now, we’re in the process of doing so. I don’t believe we’ll have any problems.”</p>
    <p>“Then at this moment, you’re probably going to make announcement soon and attract the eyes of the players.” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“Lord Grim really is a huge topic right now.” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“This is a once in a lifetime opportunity.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If you really are Ye Qiu, then this opportunity is huge.” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“I am.”</p>
    <p>“But I thought God Ye Qiu never publicized himself?” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>“I don’t think I ever said I’d help you with that, no?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Yes…… having your name is already more than good enough.” Loulan Slash said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had finished saying what he wanted to say. Now it was his turn to be silent. On the side, Chen Guo didn’t need Ye Xiu to explain any further and finally understood his intent.</p>
    <p>Loulan Slash was planning on creating a team and needed to create a commotion for it. Ye Xiu would be losing money instead of being paid in order to help Loulan Slash use his current popularity.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was currently the most watched character in Glory. Players had already been guessing which team he would be pulled into. If Loulan Slash’s team announced that they had gotten him, his team would immediately attract everyone’s attention. This was exactly what Loulan Slash needed. As for whether or not Ye Qiu would become a member of his team or not was only secondary.</p>
    <p>For joining Loulan Slash’s guild, Ye Xiu would have the guild’s protection. However, would they be reliable enough?</p>
    <p>Chen Guo thought about it for a bit and suddenly panicked. She couldn’t take the time to type it out and directly glanced at Ye Xiu: “Will this be okay?”</p>
    <p>“What?” Ye Xiu carefully covered his headphones a bit to remind Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo directly threw his headphones to one side: “If you sell yourself to them, after they’re done using you, they might kick you away. What then?”</p>
    <p>“Even if they don’t kick me, I’ll leave. I’m not going to join their team. We’ll be making our own team.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The words “We’ll be making our own team.” made Chen Guo’s heart soften, but this wasn’t the time to be happy.</p>
    <p>“I’m worried about the present! After you join them and he uses your current popularity, if the other guilds come looking for you, he’ll immediately kick you. What then?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu smiled: “If it was that easy, he wouldn’t be pondering over it for so long. He would have agreed to it immediately.”</p>
    <p>“Hm?”</p>
    <p>“Burning the bridge right after crossing it would cause their reputation to plummet. They would be attracting everyone’s attention to themselves and then throwing dirt onto themselves…… wouldn’t that destroy their entire purpose for making a commotion?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Ah….. that’s…… true.” Chen Guo muddled.</p>
    <p>“In addition, afterwards, they’ll pretty much be on the same page as us. There’s no need to cast us away like that.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What do you mean?”</p>
    <p>“They’ll be creating a team too! Do you really think these Club guilds are only focused on us? It’s not because I’m Ye Qiu. An expert alone wouldn’t make them act. The key reason is because I’m planning on creating a team. They see that I’d be their direct competitor in the future, which is why they’re actions are becoming more and more serious. They’ll certainly have the same attitude towards Loulan Slash too. The Glory eSports scene isn’t like a normal sport. The Pro Alliance is where the battles are seen by everyone, but it’s not the only battle taking place.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Understood.” Chen Guo nodded her head. She realized that she had been too panicked. Afterwards, she was feeling very embarrassed. She was always so easy to be startled. Once she heard Ye Xiu’s explanation, she immediately understood. She knew clearly that she didn’t have enough experience, whether it was because she wasn’t looking at the big picture or because she wasn’t looking deep enough or because she didn’t understand the relationship between their circumstances. Owner? Chen Guo began to sweat. If she became the owner of the team, she felt like their team would drop dead before even reaching the door to the Pro Alliance.</p>
  </body>
</html>
