<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1046: Steamed Bun’s Tempo</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1046: Steamed Bun’s Tempo</h1>
    <p>The crucial characters that dictated Happy's tactics were always traps. Every time Excellent Era attacked those characters, they would always fall into an unfavorable position and had to pay a considerable price for it. As a result, not only did they fail to break Happy's tactics, they suffered in the attempt.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin quickly deleted the "focus ghostblade" that he had typed into the team chat. Excellent Era couldn't afford to fall into any more traps. The current situation was a 4v3. Although Happy had captured one of their players, Happy was in a completely defensive position. Happy's three players were confined inside the ghost boundary, not daring to leave its range.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era was at a disadvantage because of the protection from the ghost boundary. For now, they had no way of routing Happy. Without a healer, they couldn't play the long game. They needed to quickly find an opening.　　</p>
    <p>Focus Ye Xiu!</p>
    <p>A new order jumped into Excellent Era's team chat. Xiao Shiqin had pressed the Enter key quite forcefully. He was a bit annoyed, not discovering this issue earlier. He shouldn't have thought so much. After finding Lord Grim, he should have had Excellent Era focus all of their efforts and disregard all else to eliminate Ye Xiu from the beginning.</p>
    <p>Yes, disregard all else.</p>
    <p>After giving this order, Xiao Shiqin typed another four words: get rid of him.　　</p>
    <p>Even if they had to sacrifice one, two, three, even four including their healer, as long as they got rid of Ye Xiu, Excellent Era may be at a numbers disadvantage, with their superior strength, how could they not be able to take care of Happy's green rookies?</p>
    <p>This reasoning was so simple, simple to the point that Xiao Shiqin had completely disregarded it. He had thought very highly of Ye Xiu and analyzed all sorts of possibilities. He had spent all his time thinking about what Ye Xiu might do, so he hadn't thought about forcefully eliminating Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>In the end, it was because Xiao Shiqin was unable to get rid of his mid-tier team thinking. His tactics were unable to completely utilize Excellent Era's battle power. Their vastly superior strength in the Challenger League covered up this point, so when the finals came and the opponent's tactics and players managed to keep up, Excellent Era was suddenly overwhelmed.</p>
    <p>This was completely inconsistent with what people had anticipated this match would go. In their eyes, even if Excellent Era lost, it must have been because, despite being at an advantage the vast majority of the time, they made a huge mistake that was seized by Happy. Who would have thought that Excellent Era would be the one at a disadvantage and be nibbled away by Happy.</p>
    <p>It was only now did Xiao Shiqin realize where the problem lay. Even though he was unable to completely identify the problems with him and Excellent Era, he at least found where the crux of the issue lay.</p>
    <p>Focus Ye Xiu and disregard all else.</p>
    <p>No healer?</p>
    <p>No healer was no healer. As long as they could get rid of Ye Xiu, any price was worth it. Excellent Era still had a numbers advantage at the moment. This might be their last opportunity. They needed to eliminate Lord Grim by whatever means possible, whether that meant eating the damage and debuffs from the ghost boundaries and taking the attacks from the other members of Happy. They could not back down.　　</p>
    <p>The new order didn't just show their strategy.</p>
    <p>Disregarding everything else showed their determination.</p>
    <p>Everyone saw the order given by Excellent Era. Their hearts leaped up. They had a premonition that the biggest storm in the match was about to arrive.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin took the lead. His Life Extinguisher showed the same vigor as Dawn Rifle and rushed forward. He abandoned all of the gadgets restricted by ghost boundaries and released all of the heavy gadgets that could withstand the ghost boundaries. Under the cover of Air Drop, Life Extinguisher charged directly into the ghost boundaries.</p>
    <p>What he meant by "disregard all else" was very clear. The other three Excellent Era players became spirited. Wang Ze's Matchstick turned his body. Ignoring the attacks taken, he headed straight for Lord Grim. Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei ignored the debuffs and damage from the ghost boundaries and put a target on Lord Grim. They would kill him in the most efficient way possible.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era's abrupt offensive was something felt not just by Ye Xiu, but Qiao Yifan. The ghost boundaries placed down by him were being completely ignored. These ghost boundaries debuffed and damaged the enemies, yet they were still focusing their attacks onto Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim wasn't at full health. He had been through several fierce battles and withstood numerous attacks as well. He had protected Soft Mist with his umbrella shield. He looked like he was taking a stroll through the rain of bullets, but in reality, he had taken a lot of damage.</p>
    <p>The shield form reduced a percentage of damage and also increased his defenses. To a certain extent, he couldn't completely nullify the damage like a block, but he didn't need to calculate attack priority with a shield unlike with a block. Facing attacks, as long as he met those attacks with his shield, he would be able to reduce the damage that he took.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist hid behind Lord Grim's umbrella, so she didn't take any damage. However, Lord Grim would still take damage. If everything was added up, Lord Grim actually had the least amount of health in the team. He only had 50% of his health left.</p>
    <p>Why didn't I think of prioritizing him earlier?</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin's mind churned. The more he looked at the situation, the more he felt like prioritizing Lord Grim was the correct decision.　</p>
    <p>After his Life Extinguisher entered the ghost boundary, he also ignored the existence of the ghost boundaries and only thought about killing Lord Grim.　　</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan immediately strengthened their defenses and threw down more ghost boundaries. However, these ghost boundaries were still being ignored by Excellent Era, who had surrounded and were crazily attacking Ye Xiu's Lord Grim. Steamed Bun Invasion and One Inch Ash seemed to be invisible. Excellent Era completely ignored their attacks.</p>
    <p>"CC them!" Qiao Yifan hastily reminded Steamed Bun.</p>
    <p>Readily following orders was one of Steamed Bun's features. It didn't matter who said it. He didn't consider if the reasoning made sense or not, he would follow it regardless. Steamed Bun Invasion pounced forward and used Tyrannical Chain Punch to pin down a target, but reality proved that even though Excellent Era disregard the two of them, they would still be on guard for these types of attacks. Steamed Bun had targeted One Autumn Leaf, who made a nimble turn and easily dodged it. Steamed Bun wasn't clingy. He turned and used Strangle on Combat Form.</p>
    <p>Strangle had to be dodged. Even though Strangle wouldn't stop the target from attacking, it restricted the target's movements, which meant that he would be unable to reach Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion's attack was once again evaded, but he followed up with a Sand Toss, Brick... Brawler's had quite a lot of CC skills. Steamed Bun was throwing them out brainlessly. He didn't have a single target or any clear-cut thinking. Whichever target was the most convenient would be the target to attack. In an instant, his skills were all on cooldown. Steamed Bun's hand speed was quite outstanding. However, at this point, his low-level skills had refreshed, so he started chaining them again.　　</p>
    <p>"Too reckless….." Li Yibo sighed.</p>
    <p>However, this recklessness actually made a big impact on the situation. Excellent Era still put all their efforts into killing Lord Grim. They didn't care about the damage from these attacks, but they were afraid of these CC skills delaying them. They needed to pay attention to Steamed Bun Invasion's skills. However, Steamed Bun's attacks didn't have any thinking behind them. It was completely random. Xiao Shiqin had tried predicting Steamed Bun's attacks and ended up being hit by a Brick.　　</p>
    <p>Yes, a Brick hit Life Extinguisher in the back of his head, putting him to enter a Dizzy state. Unfortunately, due to Life Extinguisher being inside the ghost boundaries, the constant damage from the ghost boundaries instantly got rid of his Dizzy state. Qiao Yifan felt regretful. This Steamed Bun didn't coordinate with him. If he had known that Brick would hit, he wouldn't have placed down a ghost boundary that dealt damage!</p>
    <p>But Steamed Bun didn't care. He had already switched targets. For a moment, Steamed Bun Invasion was actually singlehandedly flustering Excellent Era. They didn't want to waste their time on Steamed Bun Invasion, but they needed to put quite a bit of effort into defending against Steamed Bun Invasion's attacks.</p>
    <p>Neither the heavens nor the earth knew where his attacks were coming from, whether that was a Brick or another skill. Every time Steamed Bun lifted his hands, everyone in Excellent Era dodged out of fright. And in the end? Steamed Bun Invasion could only target one person, so the other two were just wasting their time, no?</p>
    <p>"This this... how messy..." Pan Lin was dumbstruck. Due to Steamed Bun's wave of attacks, the match was incomprehensibly chaotic. It could no longer be deciphered through their knowledge of Glory. Li Yibo was silent for a long time before finally saying: "He disrupted Excellent Era's tempo."</p>
    <p>Yes. Anyone could see that. Excellent Era's tempo was in a mess, but the problem was what about Happy's tempo? They didn't have any at all. Excellent Era couldn't grasp Steamed Bun's attacks, but neither could the rest of Happy.</p>
    <p>"F*ck off!!"</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang was finally unable to endure it anymore. That clown was actually slowing down their assault on Lord Grim. One Autumn Leaf temporarily let Lord Grim off the hook. His Evil Annihilation headed straight for Steamed Bun Invasion. He was determined to send this clown flying far away.　</p>
    <p>"Careful!"</p>
    <p>The moment One Autumn Leaf turned around, a spear suddenly shot towards him. Ye Xiu wasn't dead yet. In this type of chaotic battle, there were opportunities everywhere. One Autumn Leaf suddenly switched targets without paying attention to anyone else. Ye Xiu's attack was almost out of instinct. If he didn't attack, he would be wasting his many years of practice.</p>
    <p>Circle Swing!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim sent One Autumn Leaf flying towards Matchstick.</p>
    <p>"Good job, Steamed Bun."</p>
    <p>"As if you need to say that!" Steamed Bun said incomparably confident, but did he even know what exactly what he had done? Team Happy expressed their doubts. They felt like Qiao Yifan telling Steamed Bun to abuse his CC skills deserved the most credit.</p>
  </body>
</html>
