<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1368 -  Both Sides Stalling One on Two</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1368 -  Both Sides Stalling One on Two</h1>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The Qigong Blast crashed through Dancing Rain’s body, qi buffeting her long hair. Qi Breaker was unable to avoid Soft Mist’s attack either, but Guo Yang’s attention was mostly focused on Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Launching Spear. This was a rare method of attack of Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng’s where the Launcher was the main attacker. The Battle Mage’s sneak attack from behind the Launcher was just to set up the foundations of the assault. Next, the Launcher would engulf the target in a barrage of close ranged artillery fire.</p>
    <p>Guo Yang was an ex-player of Excellent Era’s, after all, so he had seen this technique plenty of times in matches and was taught about it in training as well.</p>
    <p>Be on guard against Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>That was what experience told him. However, this time, all Dancing Rain did was turn her back on him. Guo Yang anxiously waited for her to turn around, yet she didn’t, instead slowly moving away from him…</p>
    <p>She… she left?  Up.dated b.y B o x Novel. com</p>
    <p>Guo Yang was shocked. What the hell was this? This wasn’t how the Launching Spear went. He hesitated, but Tang Rou didn’t. Soft Mist’s Dancing Fire Flowing Flame burned through the air towards him. Dancing Rain was already behind her. Although Dancing Rain didn’t seem to have any intentions of turning around, her attacks hadn’t stopped at all, still bombarding Liu Hao’s Total Darkness relentlessly.</p>
    <p>What was this?</p>
    <p>Guo Yang was completely baffled. From start to finish, Su Mucheng didn’t even glance over. Was this really the Launching Spear? Resisting the urge to beg for attention, Guo Yang focused on dealing with Tang Rou. After the first strike, Soft Mist’s attacks were raining down on him rapidly. Guo Yang realized that even though it was just this one person, he wouldn’t be able to deal with her offensive that easily. 　 Thus, looking back on the process, the cooperative aspect of the Launching Spear seemed completely nonexistent. Tang Rou merely used this method to help Su Mucheng escape the Cloud-Grasping Fist. And then? Then Tang Rou attacked Guo Yang while Su Mucheng never stopped her assault on Liu Hao. Even when she was dragged away by Cloud Grasping Fist, she didn’t even give Guo Yang’s Qi Breaker a single glance.</p>
    <p>“This… what were they trying to do?” Commentator Pan Lin was confused and looked at Li Yibo for an answer.</p>
    <p>“This… is probably because she doesn’t want to stop her offensive! Su Mucheng has been very successful in suppressing Liu Hao, after all.” Li Yibo was also filled with confusion, but as a VIP guest commentator, he was here to explain uncertainties and not ask questions, so he had no choice but to answer Pan Lin.</p>
    <p>“She seems to be very focused on dealing with Liu Hao…” Pan Lin noted.</p>
    <p>“Probably because she has a better understanding of him, since he’s an ex-teammate!” Li Yibo guessed.</p>
    <p>“But so is Guo Yang!”</p>
    <p>“…” In the end, Li Yibo still ended up lost as to how to answer. However, thinking carefully, Su Mucheng’s performance in this round really was rather strange. No matter if it was back at Excellent Era, or currently at Happy, she generally performed a supporting role in their tactical system. It wasn’t like there weren’t times where she’d open up an offensive, but for her to lock onto a single person and bombard them relentlessly like this, that was extremely rare. Su Mucheng seemed like she was determined to act on Wind Howl’s strategy, trying to tear Liu Hao’s Total Darkness out of Wind Howl’s team.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The broadcast also gave Su Mucheng a lot of focus. Steadily, everyone began realizing that this was rather uncharacteristic. Su Mucheng seemed to have left Happy’s tactical system and went to 1v1 Liu Hao.</p>
    <p>Was this girl crazy?</p>
    <p>Liu Hao frantically had Total Darkness dodge, feeling rather surprised. He was pretty sure he wasn’t a key figure in Wind Howl’s strategy, no? It wasn’t like he was Happy’s Luo Ji. Why was Su Mucheng so focused on him? Had she gotten something wrong?</p>
    <p>Roll, jump, run… Liu Hao’s Total Darkness acted like he was here to attend a sports competition, only able to execute these technical actions. Counterattack? His Spellblade didn’t have the range of a Launcher. If he wanted to counterattack, he had to be able to actually reach her first!</p>
    <p>Generally speaking, the further the distance, the weaker the control on the target. However, Dancing Rain’s attacks were so well spaced that Liu Hao couldn’t see any of the openings that distance should’ve given him.</p>
    <p>He slowly began to panic. He had known and fought beside Su Mucheng for years, and never once had he noticed how aggressive she was. What was with this feeling? It was like he was prey with a predator staring down his neck.</p>
    <p>He wasn’t the only one who was surprised. All those who knew Su Mucheng well enough were all shocked at her uncharacteristic actions.</p>
    <p>Did… she have a grudge or something?</p>
    <p>That was what many people were thinking by then. Su Mucheng’s playstyle wasn’t at all like a tactic that Happy had planned for, but more like cathartic venting.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s burst of strength had the match twisting in another direction. Currently, Tang Rou and Guo Yang were fighting 1v1, Fang Rui and Mo Fan were ganging up on Lin Feng, while Luo Ji was stalling both Tang Hao and Zhao Yuzhe at once. As for Su Mucheng and Liu Hao, the former was completely suppressing the latter.</p>
    <p>From this perspective, the match didn’t seem much different from a man to man. It was just that this situation had a 1v2 and a one 2v1, and it was all with Happy at an advantage.</p>
    <p>Lin Feng’s Doubtful Demon, after being bullied by three people for so long, was still helpless against the two that remained. Tang Hao and Zhao Yuzhe, the two that were viewed as the cores of their team now, were being stalled by a single rookie Summoner.</p>
    <p>However, they hadn’t lost much health, and instead, Concealed Light had expended a huge amount of mana. Yet anyone could see what Concealed Light was trading this mana for.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao and Zhao Yuzhe were both very confident in themselves. Currently, being stalled by Luo Ji 2v1 for so long, the mental blow that this dealt to them was more significant. As for Luo Ji? Originally, he had to have his summon creatures stall several targets and now, suddenly, that number had fallen to two. His mechanics became more focused and active. This 90 point student was performing exceptionally this time, reaching a score of 95. 　 However, the one who had been in the worst situation this entire battle was still Lin Feng.</p>
    <p>From the very beginning, he had been encircled and beaten. He had no choice but to watch and wait for help. He waited, and waited, yet Wind Howl’s actions were like thunder without the rain or lightning. They had fought up till now, and although his opponents had fallen to just two, he still couldn’t hold up against them!</p>
    <p>On some level, Lin Feng, at first, could be considered to be holding off 1v3, and now 1v2, but his teammates had to deal with the problem at hand while he held them off! Unfortunately, Wind Howl couldn’t deal with the problem at hand, and Lin Feng was slowly being dealt with by their opponents.</p>
    <p>“It seems like Wind Howl still hasn’t found a solution.” Pan Lin had said this who knows how many times already.</p>
    <p>“However, they’ve at least managed to increase Concealed Light’s mana expenditure. This way, if Concealed Light’s mana runs out when Doubtful Demon is defeated, then they’ll still be able to fight this match. A Summoner without mana is more or less equal to a dead character,” Li Yibo analysed.</p>
    <p>“Could this be the solution Wind Howl has decided to go with?” Pan Lin asked.</p>
    <p>“Perhaps!”</p>
    <p>“How brutal!” Pan Lin exclaimed.</p>
    <p>“Hahaha…” Li Yibo laughed weakly. Brutal? More like helpless! Did Wind Howl really plan this or get into this situation by chance? Who knew? Either way, Wind Howl wasn’t in a good position.</p>
    <p>Would Doubtful Demon’s health be depleted first, or Concealed Light’s mana?</p>
    <p>The live broadcast displayed the two’s health and mana side by side, reminding the audience of the crucial point to this battle. The playing on the field seemed to have realized this as well. Lin Feng hadn’t given up, still stubbornly struggling against the two person pincer. As a Battle Thief, he’d occasionally use some dirty tactics. After all, playing dirty was better for survival than tanking through. As for Luo Ji, he really didn’t have any further ideas. Tang Hao and Zhao Yuzhe were putting even more pressure on him. He could only face them head on; he couldn’t let his guard down at all.</p>
    <p>If only his mechanics were a little better! Luo Ji, even doing his absolute best, still didn’t feel like this was enough. However, this was already the ceiling of his ability. He was already performing past his limit, and no one doubted his skill any longer. However, Luo Ji wasn’t satisfied with himself. If he could do even better, then Happy wouldn’t have fallen into this situation in the first place. It was because he wasn’t good enough that he had to deplete his mana and throw his summons out like cannon fodder in order to stall the opponents.</p>
    <p>Their current situation wasn’t so good!</p>
    <p>Just in terms of calculation, Luo Ji’s ability was cream of the crop. Even when everyone else only had a vague judgement, he had already managed to calculate the rate at which the two gauges were going down. 　 Not good, not good at all!</p>
    <p>If this continued, his mana would be depleted first. Then, if he was unable to stop those two, Doubtful Demon might even be saved, and everything would’ve been for nothing.</p>
    <p>They needed support!</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was desperate. He wanted to notify his teammates, but Tang Hao and Zhao Yuzhe were on him too hard. He didn’t have any time to type.</p>
    <p>No voice, what a shitty rule!</p>
    <p>Luo Ji was even cursing the Alliance match rules now.</p>
    <p>“Hurry, we gotta hurry!” Fang Rui, by then, had also realized that he and Mo Fan might not be efficient enough. However, he had the the time to spare to send a message. On one hand, this was to tell Mo Fan to hurry. On the other, it was also telling the two 1v1 fighters that they might need some support, and to provide it if they could..</p>
    <p>Tang Rou understood what Fang Rui was trying to say, and had the intentions of pulling her battle over. However, the experienced Guo Yang was clear on the situation of the battle and knew that Lin Feng definitely couldn’t take more damage. He immediately clung to Soft Mist with everything he had.</p>
    <p>Just a little bit more! A little bit longer!</p>
    <p>Everyone was staring at the two’s HP and MP. As the two numbers fell, the situation became clearer and clearer. It wasn’t looking good for Happy! Summoners were mana hungry classes in the first place, and with this playstyle, the player was doing all he could to the best he could, there was no reason to criticise this sort of performance.</p>
    <p>Was Happy’s spectacular arrangement and performance going to be brute forced through by Wind Howl like that? Apart from Wind Howl fans, everyone felt that this was quite a shame for Happy.</p>
    <p>“We need some artillery support!!” Fang Rui finally yelled for help directly. He wasn’t Tang Hao or Zhao Yuzhe. When it was time to call for reinforcements, he wouldn’t hesitate at all.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>An explosion immediately enveloped Doubtful Demon, which surprised even Fang Rui, who was right nearby. Support came right when he asked for it. Did he have some sort of superpower?</p>
    <p>“Sorry, I’m late,” Su Mucheng sent into the chat.</p>
    <p>That was when everyone suddenly remembered that there was another set of players on the field. Su Mucheng had returned, and what about Liu Hao?</p>
    <p>Liu Hao… had already been defeated?!</p>
    <p>Spellblade Total Darkness was the first to be wiped off the field. Defeated by Su Mucheng, Dancing Rain, alone?</p>
    <p>Nomyummi She definitely has a grudge.</p>
  </body>
</html>
