<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1017: Not That Careless</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1017: Not That Careless</h1>
    <p>Wish Prayer - Cleric skill. It recovered 30% of the target's mana over 10 seconds. As the skill level increased, the maximum mana recovery could reach up to 60%. It had a 10 minute cooldown.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was currently casting Wish Prayer. His character's mana was rapidly increasing. Everyone stared with their eyes and jaws wide open.</p>
    <p>Let alone in the individual competition, Wish Prayer was rarely used, even in team competitions. Even though it had astonishing effects, a 10 second cast time was way too easy to interrupt. As a result, even if it was used in a team competition, it could only be done when an opportunity arrived, allowing for two or three seconds of recovery at best. But in reality, it was very rare for a team competition to last so long that either side ran out of mana. It was even more rare in the individual competition. Running out of mana was usually only seen in the group arena.</p>
    <p>However, Clerics and Paladins didn't play in the group arena. As for Knights and Exorcists, who would add this skill to their weapons as a skill bonus, no one had ever made such an absurd choice.</p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>You're out of mana mid-battle, but you can recover it? And such a substantial one too? It sounded amazing, but in practice, its usage was extremely limited. Setting aside the fact that it was already rare for one to run out of mana, even if it happened, in a 1v1 in the group arena, 10 seconds of standing still would be like treating the opponent like air. If the opponent knew you could do this, it's not like they would just wait for you to recover your mana.</p>
    <p>Then what about recovering during the start of the match like what Ye Xiu was doing? In that case, there was enough time. However, this scenario required so many prerequisites that the chances of it happening were next to nothing, so the value of this skill was too miniscule. For a pro player, this type of extravagance could be considered a crime.</p>
    <p>As a result, everyone was staring at Lord Grim like they had just witnessed a crime. It was like they were at a crime scene.</p>
    <p>The commentator Pan Lin and honored guest Li Yibo were also speechless. As for Sun Xiang? He had no idea that Ye Xiu had used Wish Prayer. Ye Xiu had been talking about healing just before. He had been surprised at first and realized that unspecialized characters had the ability to heal themselves, but he wasn't worried. He felt like beating Ye Xiu, who was only at half health, would be winning with an unfair advantage! It's all good now though. He's giving Ye Xiu some time to breath. Wouldn't that make his victory all the more worthwhile?</p>
    <p>Thus, despite knowing that his opponent was recovering, Sun Xiang had One Autumn Leaf stroll over, letting others know that he wasn't worried one bit.</p>
    <p>"Haha... Sun Xiang doesn't seem to care about what Ye Xiu is doing..." Pan Lin immediately said after seeing it.</p>
    <p>"Yes, he's quite confident." Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"But might he be a bit overconfident?" Pan Lin wondered.</p>
    <p>"Mm, are you talking about Ye Xiu or Sun Xiang?" Li Yibo asked.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin looked at Lord Grim recovering his mana and then at One Autumn Leaf strolling over: "Hm, both...."</p>
    <p>They couldn't keep going on like this. Was this really a life and death match between two teams? These two guys weren't being serious at all. This was the Challenger League Finals, not two players sparring in-game!　　</p>
    <p>"Wait a second. Let me recover my health and mana."</p>
    <p>"Sure, take your time."</p>
    <p>These were words that players would often say to each other when sparring, but the same thing was happening in a serious tournament. How weird. How weird.</p>
    <p>"Hahahaha..." Pan Lin could only laugh. He didn't know what to say.　　</p>
    <p>At Excellent Era's bench, boss Tao Xuan was personally presiding over the match. His two arms were folded across his chest and his expression was calm. However, if you looked at him closely, you would notice that Tao Xuan's two hands were tightly clutching his own arms.</p>
    <p>If he didn't vent his emotions that way, Tao Xuan was truly afraid that he would stomp over in anger. Sun Xiang was a player who he generally liked, but his arrogance truly made his head hurt sometimes.</p>
    <p>It's fine….. When Sun Xiang faced other opponents with arrogance and stomped on them, Tao Xuan felt quite good. During those moments, he was fine with Sun Xiang's confidence, even if he did what he was doing now. Tao Xuan might even laugh, feeling like his team was brave and mighty.</p>
    <p>But Tao Xuan's attitude was completely different with Ye Xiu being the opponent.</p>
    <p>It was a sort of contradictory feeling.</p>
    <p>For example, when Xiao Shiqin left the stage with a GG, although Tao Xuan had truly felt pleased with this conduct, he also felt a bit of regret. If Xiao Shiqin had worn Ye Xiu down a bit more, that would have been great too. Xiao Shiqin's behavior made Excellent Era look weak and not like a powerhouse at all!</p>
    <p>You can't have it both ways*. This was the contradiction that Tao Xuan felt.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Sun Xiang behavior could be regarded as the air of a powerhouse, but seeing Ye Xiu's Lord Grim healing his health and even finishing with a 10 second Wish Prayer without being interrupted, Tao Xuan couldn't stay calm.</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, Sun Xiang remained calm. The difference in thinking made him somewhat annoyed.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, Ye Xiu didn't continue challenging his heart's limits. After the ten second Wish Prayer, Lord Grim finally came out from the corner.</p>
    <p>"Are you here?" Ye Xiu asked in the chat.</p>
    <p>"What? You're done recovering?" Sun Xiang replied.</p>
    <p>"Pretty much." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Pretty much? I advise you to recover a bit longer. I'm not in a hurry." Sun Xiang said.</p>
    <p>"Huh? What's that sound?" On Excellent Era's bench, one of the players heard a strange noise.</p>
    <p>The teammates next to him immediately kicked his foot and gave him a sharp glance. That player looked over and saw the boss grinding his teeth…...　　</p>
    <p>"If I don't remember incorrectly, this is the first time today that the players have chatted with each other." Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"Yeah, it seems like it." Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"Hahahaha" Pan Lin chuckled again. The two sides had finally talked to each other, but couldn't the content be a bit more professional? The conversation between Ye Xiu and Sun Xiang was too much like what Pan Lin had imagined normal players to be like.</p>
    <p>"It's good enough. I don't want you to lose in such an unsightly manner." Ye Xiu continued to type in the chat.</p>
    <p>"Those should be my words to you." Sun Xiang fired back.</p>
    <p>"You can keep them!"</p>
    <p>"To you!"</p>
    <p>"Keep them!"</p>
    <p>"To you."</p>
    <p>"Keep them."</p>
    <p>The crowd was in an uproar. It wasn't because the two were just talking nonsense, but rather during this time, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim quietly circled around to flank One Autumn Leaf.</p>
    <p>"With just that weird mix and matched gear, you think you can beat me? You've already forgotten One Autumn Leaf's stats? Do you need me to remind you?" Sun Xiang seemed to be completely engrossed in the chat. His character wasn't moving at all.</p>
    <p>"While Ye Xiu and Sun Xiang were talking, Lord Grim circled around to behind One Autumn Leaf. Sun Xiang doesn't seem to be aware of this either. He's just typing in chat. Could it be that Sun Xiang can't touch-type and needs to look at his keyboard to type?" Pan Lin yelled.</p>
    <p>"Hahaha..." Li Yibo laughed while glancing at Pan Lin. However, he noticed that Pan Lin was completely serious. That wasn't a joke? You're being serious? A pro player not being able to touch type? Do you think a pro player looks down at his keyboard when playing?</p>
    <p>"Close, close. Lord Grim is nearby." Pan Lin shouted. The crowd roared even louder as if to warn Sun XIang. At Excellent Era's bench, Tao Xuan couldn't bear it anymore. This Sun Xiang was too much of a child!</p>
    <p>"Ye Xiu's pathing was successful, but the key point is chatting to divert the enemy's attention. Sun Xiang is in range to be attacked. Is he going to choose to attack? Sun Xiang doesn't seem to know!" Pan Lin shouted.</p>
    <p>At this moment, Sun Xiang typed out a new message in the chat.</p>
    <p>"We've already chatted for so long. What's going on? Could you be behind me?"</p>
    <p>"Woah!" Pan Lin cried out in surprise. Then, he saw One Autumn Leaf turn around directly towards Lord Grim. His spear, Annihilating Evil, pointed forward.</p>
    <p>"So it turns out Sun Xiang wasn't as we had imagined... to be so... careless." Pan Lin hesitated. He almost said "stupid".</p>
    <p>"Haha, I don't think such a low-level mistake would happen to such a skilled player." Li Yibo acted as if he knew it all along.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang turned around and began his offense.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>One Autumn Leaf initiated with the move that Tang Rou liked to use the most, but just from the visual effects, the difference between One Autumn Leaf and Soft Mist could be seen.</p>
    <p>Were there any changes to One Autumn Leaf's equipment?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu could see this instantly. One Autumn Leaf had changed a lot of his equipment. Some parts had been completely swapped out. Some had slight changes in appearance. The club's R&amp;D team wasn't going to waste materials solely to change the appearance of equipment. A change in appearance meant a change in stats. In the eyes of the viewers, One Autumn Leaf was still One Autumn Leaf, but for Ye Xiu, who was incomparably familiar with this character, One Autumn Leaf had been changed beyond recognition.</p>
    <p>After dodging the Dragon Breaks the Ranks, Lord Grim Aerial Rifled backwards to pull away from One Autumn Leaf.　</p>
    <p>"Haha, this is you after recovering? It might be too little." Sun Xiang looked at Lord Grim's condition and typed a string of words.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim hadn't advanced classes, nor did he wear any healing equipment, so his healing was rather weak. During this time, he had only recovered to 70% health. Because his heals were weak, his mana consumption was high. Ye Xiu couldn't heal to full health. If he did, a Wish Prayer might not be enough to recover his mana.</p>
    <p>For a Level 75 character, low-leveled healing skills without a class advancement and without specific healing equipment were very weak.</p>
  </body>
</html>
