<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1608 - Too Honest</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1608 - Too Honest</h1>
    <p>The comboing onto Moon Luring Frost used up many of the skills Boundless Sea had available. During a combo, both sides needed to pay attention to which skills were used. The side performing the combo wanted to leave as few openings as possible for his opponent to take advantage of. The side being comboed wanted to look for opportunities to break out of the combo.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn’t get so carried away that he would leave any huge holes for himself after finishing his combo. However, because he had chained together so many skills, he didn’t have many skills left to use and his options were rather limited. If Du Ming counterattacked immediately, Fang Rui would be in greater danger.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui clearly felt this danger.</p>
    <p>Such a fast counterattack couldn’t have been out of impulse. Du Ming had calmly calculated when exactly his counterattack would be most effective.</p>
    <p>Du Ming was playing like he was on fire.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had appeared righteous and grand just a moment ago. Within the next second, he became the reincarnation of vulgarity. He was rolling all over the ground, fleeing, and hiding, all to run away from Du Ming’s counterattack.</p>
    <p>“Du Ming is playing extremely well today,” Ye Xiu once again brought up this point.</p>
    <p>“But he’s too honest,” Ye Xiu sighed.</p>
    <p>“So?” Chen Guo didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“He lacks variation and finesse,” Ye Xiu explained.</p>
    <p>“Finesse as in… playing dirty?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“You could say that!” Ye Xiu thought about it carefully for a moment before nodding his head.</p>
    <p>Du Ming knew the importance of making the first move and counterattacked immediately. But no matter how threatening he may be, Fang Rui had instantly seen through him. If he had mixed it up a bit, he would have made things much more difficult for Fang Rui. Playing dirty required one to pay particular attention towards controlling the pace of a match. The master of playing dirty, Fang Rui, was an expert in this area. Du Ming’s counterattack was too straightforward and honest. Even though he had the initiative, the more time went on, the more feeble he seemed.</p>
    <p>Blade Master skills had cooldowns too. Every attempt Du Ming made to land the first blow was making his available skill pool smaller and smaller. On the other hand, Fang Rui was only focused on running away. Boundless Sea occasionally took damage, but he always avoided any critical blows. His skills were gradually coming off cooldown. However, Boundless Sea continued doing whatever he could to run away. There didn’t seem to be any indication that he was planning on counterattacking, and it was making Chen Guo extremely worried.</p>
    <p>“Why isn’t he attacking back?” Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Because Du Ming is asking the same question,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was confused at first, but she figured it out after some thinking. Fang Rui was doing what Du Ming had been lacking previously. He was mixing it up by making Du Ming second-guess himself. It was a way of controlling the tempo. Du Ming felt like Fang Rui was going to start attacking back, but he wasn’t seeing any signs of a counterattack. As a result, Du Ming had no idea what Fang Rui was planning on doing.</p>
    <p>It was making him uncertain on what he should be doing. Should he continue attacking? Should he slow down the tempo? Should he let out an opening to bait his opponent?</p>
    <p>His heart was wavering, and all of this could be seen from the way his character was moving!</p>
    <p>An opening!</p>
    <p>An obvious opening appeared in Moon Luring Frost’s offense. Normal players might not have noticed it, but the spectating pro players immediately saw it. But Fang Rui didn’t do anything.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui still didn’t act. Boundless Sea was still rolling all over the place.</p>
    <p>What is he thinking!! Even the pro players were starting to get restless. As for Du Ming? He had immediately noticed the opening and panicked. In a fluster, he started thinking of how he could bring things back. However, Fang Rui didn’t act on it.</p>
    <p>Did he not see it? No way? What is he thinking?</p>
    <p>In any case, I really got lucky that he missed the mistake I made. I have to focus. Du Ming thought to himself. Spiral Qi Kill! Whirling qi suddenly appeared in front of Moon Luring Frost.</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>The reaction from the pro players were even more intense than the normal players. After all, most of the audience hadn’t noticed Du Ming’s mistake, so they didn’t understand how sudden the Spiral Qi Kill was.</p>
    <p>It was as if Du Ming had fallen off a cliff and was climbing back up, but during this time, Fang Rui just stood there, not doing anything. Then, as soon as Du Ming climbed up, narrowly escaping death, Fang Rui ran over and pushed him off.</p>
    <p>How dirty! How despicable!</p>
    <p>“I can’t even watch!” Thunderclap’s Dai Yanqi cried out. Many of the younger pro players nodded their heads in agreement. They were all too inexperienced to deal with Fang Rui’s dirtiness.</p>
    <p>The spiralling qi surged. Du Ming had been completely caught off guard, but there was still time to dodge it!</p>
    <p>Du Ming’s condition today was godly. He had somehow reacted in time to this surprise attack. Moon Luring Frost stepped to the side, narrowly dodging the Spiral Qi Kill. Just when he was about to counterattack, he suddenly hesitated.</p>
    <p>Why does this feel like deja vu? The last time he counterattacked after narrowly dodging a Spiral Qi Kill, hadn’t Fang Rui caught him with an Empty Handed Blade Block?</p>
    <p>Some of the more astute and experienced pro players noticed Du Ming’s hesitation and had the same sentiment as Ye Xiu: “He’s too honest…”</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had numerous skills that he could have used to attack, but he had specifically chosen to use “Spiral Qi Kill”. His aim was to bring up an unpleasant memory for Du Ming and make him feel a sense of deja vu.</p>
    <p>Advance or retreat. The decision needed to be made fast. On the other hand, hesitation was exactly what Fang Rui wanted. The hesitation had only been an instant, but Fang Rui had been waiting for that instant!</p>
    <p>Spiral Qi Rush!</p>
    <p>It was an attack similar to Spiral Qi Kill. The difference was that Spiral Qi Rush carried the user forward as well, closing the gap created from Moon Luring Frost dodging the Spiral Qi Kill. Du Ming shouldn’t have been hit by it, but he hesitated when he couldn’t hesitate…</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>The spiralling qi wasn’t a quiet one. The moment Moon Luring Frost was hit, ear-piercing screeches sounded from the qi tearing through his light armor. The dirty Qi Master immediately looked bright and radiant again. Skill after skill followed. Wave after wave of qi struck Moon Luring Frost from close and from afar. The qi danced like a dragon, swallowing Moon Luring Frost’s life.</p>
    <p>Du Ming refused to give up!</p>
    <p>It wasn’t the last round yet. He hadn’t come across the person he wanted to come across. How could he lose here?</p>
    <p>Immortal Guides the Way!</p>
    <p>Suddenly, Moon Luring Frost swung his sword, splitting apart the roaring qi towards Boundless Sea’s chest. Empty Handed Blade Block? Let’s see it! Du Ming was completely ready for Boundless Sea’s Empty Handed Blade Block. But to his surprise, Boundless Sea’s two arms didn’t rise up. Boundless Sea stuck his chest forward and took a step towards him, prepared to take the blow.</p>
    <p>Fuck!</p>
    <p>Du Ming cursed. He had been completely focused on the Empty Handed Blade Block, but what came was Reinforced Iron Bones…</p>
    <p>I guess that’s it…</p>
    <p>Immortal Guide the Way’s knockback had no effect against a Super Armored target. Boundless Sea’s qi wrecked havoc, destroying the last bit of Moon Luring Frost’s health.</p>
    <p>Happy’s Fang Rui, won!</p>
  </body>
</html>
