<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1542 - Methodology</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1542 - Methodology</h1>
    <p>Ye Xiu… Ye Xiu…</p>
    <p>The Tyranny fans stared silently at the bastard. They didn’t boo him, but they obviously weren’t going to clap for him. At this moment, they had no idea what they should do. Even the Happy fans that had come to support their team were affected by this atmosphere. The Happy fans weren’t used to a silent Tyranny stadium, and for a moment, they too didn’t know what to do.</p>
    <p>“Is the entire stadium speechless from witnessing Ye Xiu’s skill?” Pan Lin sighed.</p>
    <p>No one questioned Ye Xiu’s skill.</p>
    <p>Even Tyranny fans. They might feel disgusted by Ye Xiu, but they would admit that Ye Xiu was very skilled. Perhaps in their hearts, Ye Xiu was the best. After all, only the best had the qualifications to make Tyranny hateful for ten years.</p>
    <p>Their greatest losses had been at the hands of Ye Xiu. But at the same time, their greatest joys had also been come from him as well.</p>
    <p>This time? It was only the group arena, and already, Tyranny’s fans had experienced heaven and then fallen into hell. In the end, not a single bit of happiness could be seen on them.</p>
    <p>“YOU HAVE TO WIN!!”</p>
    <p>No one knew who, but a shout suddenly came from the crowd.</p>
    <p>The shout seemed to have resonated with everyone and instantly became their slogan, even if it wasn’t very suitable at this moment.</p>
    <p>From a match standpoint, Ye Xiu was coming down from the stage as the loser! In theory, Tyranny had already beaten Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>But who could actually call that a win? No one did.</p>
    <p>You have to win! It wasn’t just towards Ye Xiu, but towards all of Happy.</p>
    <p>“Win, win!” The crowd roared.</p>
    <p>The group arena had only just begun, and Tyranny’s fans were shouting as if it was matchpoint. The shouts from the Happy fans became more and more drowned out. They watched as Happy’s second player stood up and walked towards the stage. They were cheering as loud as they could, but they couldn’t even hear themselves.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng was Happy’s second player for the group arena. With Tyranny’s fans yelling “Win, win!”, if a stranger walked into the stadium, they would probably think that the crowd was cheering for Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans didn’t care. They were giving themselves encouragement, pouring out their expectations for the team.</p>
    <p>Win!</p>
    <p>Win over Ye Xiu, win over Happy, win the championships!</p>
    <p>The third round of the group arena, Happy’s Su Mucheng against Tyranny’s Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>The match began. After spawning, both sides went towards the middle of the map. Soon, they were within each other’s sight.</p>
    <p>“The player sent up is decided during the match. In that case, Su Mucheng’s appearance in the group arena certainly has a purpose to it,” Li Yibo analyzed, “I’m guessing that Happy wants to use the ultra-long range of a Launcher to use the natural barrier created from the field of lava to whittle down Lin Jingyan.”</p>
    <p>That was what Li Yibo thought, and that was also what others thought, including Lin Jingyan. If Su Mucheng decided to stay back and harass him to death, it indeed wouldn’t be easy to deal with.</p>
    <p>If it was difficult to deal with, then simply don’t deal with it.</p>
    <p>Glory matches had no time limit, so there was no need to be afraid of dragging out the match. If Su Mucheng’s plan was to harass him to death from afar, then all he needed to do was not approach her. The lava was an obstacle for him and for Su Mucheng. No matter what Su Mucheng did, with the lava separating the two ends, there was a limit to her range.</p>
    <p>If Su Mucheng insisted on waiting there until he approached, then both sides would just be sitting there. From a match standpoint, if both sides remained in a stalemate, then the referee would need to interfere. However, neither side could be blamed, so both sides would have to be penalized. Would it be a warning? A yellow card? Or even a red card?</p>
    <p>If it was a red card, then Happy would lose out. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain was at full health. She had a health lead. If both sides were given a red card, it would be mutual destruction. How could the one winning not be losing out on the trade?</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng wasn’t so stupid as to give herself a red card, so these were just random thoughts from Lin Jingyan. It was doubtful that the referee would end the battle in such a crude fashion too. If the match really did turn into a stalemate, then the referee would likely interfere by having the system force them to spawn at two new locations and force them to fight.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan had been a part of the Alliance for nine years. He had seen many things. The Glory competitive rules needed to be impartial to the competitors, while also needing to consider the spectators, the broadcast, the sponsors, and so on. Even after revising the rules many times, there were still many awkward rulings in place. The Alliance was still growing to this day. It wasn’t perfect.</p>
    <p>Exploiting these sort of gray areas had become one type of strategy in Glory competitive play. The Alliance did not encourage this behavior, but there was nothing they could do to stop it. They could only try their best to create a more perfect ruleset and patch up these holes. But before these holes were patched, they could always be taken advantage of.</p>
    <p>As a result, Dark Thunder stopped moving forward. He began moving horizontally. His current distance from the lava was around ten steps.</p>
    <p>This is?</p>
    <p>Many people were feeling somewhat conflicted about Lin Jingyan’s actions. However, Li Yibo had analyzed what methods Su Mucheng might use in this map, which weren’t difficult to guess. Seeing Dark Thunder’s movements, the viewers soon realized that even if Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain fired from the edge of the lava, she still wouldn’t be able to reach him. What would happen then? If the two sides didn’t make any changes, the match would turn into stalemate, and then what?</p>
    <p>For people familiar with Glory, it wasn’t a difficult question at all.</p>
    <p>Then, the referee would interfere and force the two characters to fight. Then, Su Mucheng would have lost her barrier. Perhaps the two characters would spawn too close together, making it so that her Launcher would immediately be in a dangerous position.</p>
    <p>“He’s planning on taking advantage of the rules to change the situation…” Li Yibo said, “This…”</p>
    <p>“This… Tyranny… this…” Pan Lin didn’t know what to say.</p>
    <p>Taking advantage of a loophole was clearly something that Tyranny’s fans despised, yet right now, their player was using this exact method to win. This wasn’t a scene they should be seeing from their Team Tyranny…</p>
    <p>How could Lin Jingyan not know this?</p>
    <p>But he had never been one who could represent Tyranny!</p>
    <p>Even though he now wore Tyranny’s jersey, his spirit had been tempered and completed during his seven years at Wind Howl. He had fought alone. He had fought together with Fang Rui as the Criminal Partners. On his path to glory, he had never been a straight and upright hero. Even so, during those seven years, he had never even made it into the playoffs.</p>
    <p>Fighting with those geniuses was too difficult. He sometimes hated how his two hands didn’t have more fingers.</p>
    <p>Take advantage of loopholes?</p>
    <p>He didn’t care if it was shameful. All he cared about was winning and how he wasn’t doing enough.</p>
    <p>He was just a normal person, but his thirst for victory was no less than anyone else’s. He might not be a genius of any kind, but he was willing to do anything to win. Exploiting loopholes? So what! That was one way to win.</p>
    <p>If there was loophole that he could take advantage of, of course he should take advantage of it.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan didn’t hesitate. Dark Thunder stopped moving forward. But then, he saw Dancing Rain head directly for him.</p>
    <p>The referee didn’t need to interfere, but everyone could see that by exploiting the rules, Lin Jingyan created a disadvantageous situation for Happy. Perhaps it had forced Su Mucheng to give up on her original strategy of using her long range and the lava to win.</p>
    <p>“She’s going straight for him. Lin Jingyan should be very satisfied, right?” Pan Lin said somewhat mockingly. After all, as an official staff member of the Alliance, he couldn’t approve of this sort of behavior.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain fired artillery shells as she sprinted. She didn’t rely on the lava as a barrier, instead, going for a frontal assault. She created a path extending from her position to Dark Thunder’s position. If it were any other Tyranny player, they would have likely jumped out and rushed towards Dancing Rain’s barrage to try to close the distance with the Launcher.</p>
    <p>But not Lin Jingyan. He was retreating. It seemed like he wasn’t satisfied with the terrain here. He was retreating back to a place where there were piles of limestone scattered about. These piles could act as cover. Lin Jingyan was luring Su Mucheng towards there. That area was obviously unfavorable for Su Mucheng, but what choice did she have?</p>
    <p>If she didn’t keep going, Lin Jingyan would simly have Dark Thunder stop and wait. He would then keep his distance away from her, and the fight would reach a stalemate again…</p>
    <p>He was still taking advantage of the rules!</p>
    <p>If the referee interfered, they would likely be forced to spawn near each other, which would be unfavorable for the Launcher. He was utilizing this point to lure Su Mucheng into an area which was unfavorable for her.</p>
    <p>“How despicable!!” Seeing Lin Jingyan’s actions, Happy’s fans roared out. Their boos went out in waves, and this time, Tyranny’s fans didn’t retaliate.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans felt embarrassed too.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan had joined the team in the final years of his career. He had received no small measure of trust from them, and in turn, he had contributed greatly to Tyranny. They looked forward to him winning the championships together with Tyranny.</p>
    <p>But this sort of method…</p>
    <p>If they really won in this fashion, Tyranny’s fans would truly feel somewhat disgusted. They had always valued the journey over the end result. As a result, they cared about the way they won. Lin Jingyan’s method of winning was extremely displeasing to see.</p>
    <p>Boo?</p>
    <p>They couldn’t bear to either. After all, they had watched Lin Jingyan closely these past two years. They had seen his dedication and the effort he put in. They had seen how hard he and Tyranny worked.</p>
    <p>But why, why did he need to use this sort of despicable method for such an important moment?</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s fans were silent. Once again, they were silent.</p>
  </body>
</html>
