<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1264: Unending Choices</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1264: Unending Choices</h1>
    <p>The two teams, A and B, had each relied on a single person to pin their opponents in some form. An unrelenting offense was definitely a better way to disrupt an opponent then hiding around and dodging attacks. After all, if you faced your opponents head on like that, it wouldn't just be a one way beat down. When engaging your opponent, you'd still be a threat. If the other wavered even slightly, there was the chance that you could counter and crush them. As for dodging around, that made you passive and it would become harder to stick to an opponent and disrupt them. Your opponents could easily switch targets and ignore a troublemaker who ran around.</p>
    <p>But the problem was that the character who was currently executing this pin was Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Unspecialized Lord Grim not only had ranged attacks, but also those methods of unexpectedly increasing his movement speed. Whenever he began to move, Team A's members would always go on high alert. No other class was such a comprehensive threat, to the point where Team A was currently using two top Gods, Huang Shaotian and Zhou Zekai to suppress him.</p>
    <p>But even the combination of these two top Gods was having trouble dealing with the special class backed by Ye Xiu's cunning.</p>
    <p>The disruption Sun Xiang was achieving was costing him blood! But for Ye Xiu? He ran, leaving dust in his wake, luring away two of Team A's most powerful characters with not a scratch. If this continued, then what would be the point of Sun Xiang's disruption? It was practically like they were offering him up to Team B to beat up.</p>
    <p>"Cover me!" Yu Wenzhou called out. Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain immediately sheathed his sword and returned to his position, standing guard at Swoksaar's side. Zhou Zekai also changed his pace in accordance. Cloud Piercer began to move faster. As a Sharpshooter, he didn't keep his distance from his opponent, but instead pulled closer to Lord Grim, clearly hoping to strengthen the effects of his firepower to suppress him. If needed, he'd probably pull even closer and engage with Gun Fu.</p>
    <p>Swoksaar began to cast, and it seemed like he planned on finishing this cast no matter the cost. He was even using Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain as a meat shield.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn't able to go and interrupt, what with Huang Shaotian lying in wait and Zhou Zekai advancing on him. If he persisted in trying to interrupt, he would definitely be completely trapped by these two. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>It was just that, with three of Team A's characters focused on Lord Grim, two of Team B's characters became free to act. Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu, originally having been giving long-ranged support, turned their attacks this way upon seeing Ye Xiu stuck between a rock and a hard place.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain stepped forward in front of Windy Rain and whipped out a Gatling Gun, wildly spraying bullets as she covered for Windy Rain's spell. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Dancing Rain's bullets arrived, and no matter how amazing Huang Shaotian's mechanics were, he couldn't use his swordsmanship to cut down every bullet. However, if the bullets flew past him, even if just one hit, then it would interrupt Swoksaar's cast.</p>
    <p>Thus, Troubling Rain shielded Swoksaar like a knight, taking a sturdy stance in front of the other. He dealt with what bullets he could, and if he couldn't, then he would block them with his body.</p>
    <p>Thud thud thud!</p>
    <p>Flowers of blood bloomed one by one on Troubling Rain's body, making him look exceptionally heroic. However… Gatling Gun was a still a low level skill. Troubling Rain did look heroic, shielding Swoksaar with his body, and there was enough blood to set the scene, but in terms of actual damage, it wasn't even worth mentioning. To make sure the cast was finished, this was completely worth it.</p>
    <p>However, being constantly hit by bullets, Troubling Rain's movements couldn't be smoothly controlled. There was still some level of stun from being hit by a bullet. With the consecutive hits, the small stuns linked up and the victim definitely wouldn't be able to move smoothly any longer. Thus, Windy Rain's spell was purposefully released just as Troubling Rain was most difficult to control. A Piercing Lightning shot forth. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Oh shit!" A silent stutter of the heart wasn't Huang Shaotian's style. He had to yell out directly. Windy Rain had hid behind Dancing Rain and suddenly struck with this skill, at such a time...</p>
    <p>How could he block it? He couldn't!</p>
    <p>Piercing Lightning prepared to fly straight through the miniscule opening that Troubling Rain left under the effects of the consecutive attacks. Swoksaar had little choice but to cancel the cast he was executing.</p>
    <p>Team A's plan seemed to have failed, but that was when Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf suddenly broke through his pin.</p>
    <p>Was Han Wenqing unable to suppress Sun Xiang without support?</p>
    <p>Of course not.</p>
    <p>Han Wenqing's attacks weren't just thrown with reckless abandon. He would cooperate with the support he was getting to perfect his offense. However, Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu had suddenly pulled their support away just now. One Autumn Leaf, who was fighting several on his own, immediately found an opening. Sun Xiang had grasped that opportunity and broken out through that opening.</p>
    <p>Was it a misconderation of Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu's?</p>
    <p>Evidently not.</p>
    <p>This was yet another choice. To interrupt the Warlock's cast or to continue their support. They didn't split up and each take one choice because they knew that they wouldn't accomplish anything then. Thus, the two decided to interrupt the Warlock's skill. After all, a Warlock's CC would be crucial to changing the tides of battle.</p>
    <p>Thus, the Warlock's skill had been interrupted, but Sun Xiang had escaped. He didn't, as people expected, immediately begin to counterattack Desert Dust, but instead chose to retreat. When Han Wenqing pursued him, he avoided the other and charged at Su Mucheng and Chu Yunxiu's characters. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>These two characters were definitely not good with close combat, but if the two moved, Team B's formation would be disrupted. Team A had set trap after trap, considering all the details, and managed to back all the members of Team B into a difficult place.</p>
    <p>What should they do?</p>
    <p>No matter how difficult, they had to choose a choice of action immediately. Decisiveness was also one of the crucial characteristics a top level player possessed. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Dancing Rain raised her cannon and began to attack!</p>
    <p>She didn't dodge and instead launched a direct offense at One Autumn Leaf while Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain pulled away. These two female pros chose the third option out of to retreat or not to retreat. One retreated while the other didn't. It seemed like a wishy washy decision, but it would allow them to retain their positioning with one person stalling so that One Autumn Leaf would disrupt their formation too much. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>It was a very clever and daring decision, and the two did well in deciding who would play what role. But they neglected to consider the players themselves. When One Autumn Leaf charged towards her and Su Mucheng hurriedly raised her cannon to attack, what lay in her heart was reluctance.</p>
    <p>Because that was One Autumn Leaf. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Though it was just a character, it meant much more than that to Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>She had never considered that, one day, she would cross cannon against spear with this character. She knew that she had to maintain a professional attitude, but attitude wasn't the same as feelings...</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng felt very conflicted, causing her mechanics to falter somewhat. One Autumn Leaf wasn't disrupted all that much, charging forth fearlessly. Chu Yunxiu startled. This was different from what they had anticipated. She wasn't ready to provide support for her yet!</p>
    <p>A mistake!</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng had realized her mistake just now, too, but there was no chance to make an attempt at saving the situation. One Autumn Leaf had arrived, glittering sparks of light drifting around him like broken stardust.</p>
    <p>This was... </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Su Mucheng and Sun Xiang had both noticed the abnormality in their field of view. This definitely wasn't something either of them could produce. This was...</p>
    <p>From the air, a broom swiftly descended. </p>
    <p>　</p>
    <p>Vaccaria, Broom Tornado activated, swung his Stardust Extermination.</p>
  </body>
</html>
