<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 194 – A Not So Simple New Player</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 194 – A Not So Simple New Player</h1>
    <p>“This piece of writing makes it sound as if he’s always right.” Ye Xiu concluded.</p>
    <p>“Well, he is correct in a few places.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Actually, if you put in time to do research, it’s not that difficult to come up with such a strategy. It’s just a matter of how much time you are willing to put in.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then do we still need to look at his guides?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Let’s look at another BOSS one!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou clicked on the previous Scarlet Scorpion Assassin guide, and just like that, Ye Xiu lied down on his stomach, over the receptionist desk like an idiot, and looked at the idiot’s guide. Tang Rou also looked on, but with her experience, she wasn’t able to read as fast as Ye Xiu. For this type of extremely detailed, step-by-step guide, Tang Rou had a hard time following it. Not long after, she felt like a next page clicking robot.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was actually a bit better in this area. However, she too couldn’t read it any further after a short while. For this type of low-leveled BOSS, even though it was a hidden one, it still wasn’t that difficult. Creating such a complicated guide was a bit excessive.</p>
    <p>“What’s there to look at…….” Chen Guo mumbled.</p>
    <p>“There isn’t much to look at for the guide.” Ye Xiu affirmed that there wasn’t any value in the guide, “But I wanted to see if he made any mistakes.”</p>
    <p>“You’re playing find the fault?” Chen Guo was speechless.</p>
    <p>“He he.” Ye Xiu chuckled and then continued to read.</p>
    <p>Page after page, the guide totaled around 20,000 words long. Tang Rou and Chen Guo decided to stop reading along and just stared at Ye Xiu, waiting for him to find a mistake.</p>
    <p>“There aren’t any mistakes.” Ye Xiu said after reading it.</p>
    <p>“You’re still playing?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Read another one?” Ye Xiu asked, to which Tang Rou responded by clicking on another link.</p>
    <p>“You guys can keep playing!” Chen Guo stretched. She had lost all interest in playing this game.</p>
    <p>“Wow!” Just as she turned her head, she heard Ye Xiu cry out in amazement. Chen Guo immediately turned back: “What? What?”</p>
    <p>“Different classes.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How many times do you need to act amazed?” Chen Guo rolled her eyes. The guide had switched classes before. They had already been amazed once.</p>
    <p>“But this time, he doesn’t even include a Summoner. Isn’t he a Summoner?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Tang Rou nodded her head. They had verified it earlier: Concealed Light, Level 32 Summoner.</p>
    <p>“Does he have multiple accounts?” Chen Guo guessed.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn’t deny such a possibility, so he silently read the guide.</p>
    <p>After annihilating the excessive 20,000 word wall of text, Ye Xiu still couldn’t find any mistakes. Even though there were a few places where efficiency wasn’t maximized, they were completely possible, and didn’t contain any mistakes.</p>
    <p>During this time, a customer in the smoking area left. Usually, when business is doing so well, the customers had the priority to use the computers, but seeing Ye Xiu’s pitiful appearance, Chen Guo’s heart softened as she waved her hand. Ye Xiu immediately understood her intent and quickly snatched the computer station.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo and Tang Rou continued to stare at the walls of text on the computer screen.</p>
    <p>Five minutes later……</p>
    <p>“Is it interesting?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“No…….” Tang Rou calmly said. She was tired of reading it.</p>
    <p>“Go find two videos to watch!” Chen Guo liked to watch brilliant match videos the most.</p>
    <p>“Sure!” Tang Rou agreed. She didn’t feel as if this guide helped her at all. All she wanted to know was each of the BOSS’s features, so she could avoid predicaments, like when she fought against the Illusion Swordmaster. As long as she knew the BOSS’s patterns, Tang Rou believed that she could deal with them relying on her mechanics.</p>
    <p>As a result, she closed the Idiot’s Guides and began to find a video to watch, but she suddenly discovered that her screen in Glory had turned entirely grey.</p>
    <p>After searching for Concealed Light, she had forgotten to logout. Right now, Soft Mist was lying on the ground. A system notification had popped up asking her if she wanted to revive her character.</p>
    <p>“How’d I die?” Tang Rou stared blankly at Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“Were you in the wild?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Yeah……”</p>
    <p>“You’re too careless.” Chen Guo said. Dying in the wild, whether it be by a random monster or a vicious PKer, was very common.</p>
    <p>“Go revive and see what you’ve dropped.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou clicked confirm to revive. Her character returned to Congee City in a Critically Ill State. When she opened up her equipment and items, she shook her head: “I didn’t drop anything. Only some money and experience.”</p>
    <p>“Those always drop. Check the system log.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Uh?” Tang Rou unexpectedly didn’t know what that was.</p>
    <p>“Here!” Chen Guo took the mouse and clicked it for Tang Rou. The system log recorded her death. She wasn’t killed by a monster, but rather by a player called Breaking Zero.</p>
    <p>“Breaking Zero…….” Chen Guo muttered. She opened up the search function and put in the name.</p>
    <p>The character was online. A Level 33, male Spellblade.</p>
    <p>“Level 33! He’s definitely leveling in Line Canyon. Go and take revenge!” Chen Guo gave the mouse and keyboard back to Tang Rou and commanded her like a general.</p>
    <p>“Now?” Tang Rou was unsure.</p>
    <p>“Obviously!” Chen Guo nodded her head.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou pointed to the side. Chen Guo turned her head and saw a bunch of customers leaning against the front desk, watching the two beauties play the game.</p>
    <p>“I’ll go! You take revenge.” Chen Guo went to deal with the customers.</p>
    <p>“It’s fine! Who knows if I’ll be able to find him. It’ll be the same if I do it later.” Tang Rou didn’t really care and logged out of the game to take care of the customers.</p>
    <p>In the smoking area, Ye Xiu continued to read Concealed Light’s Idiot’s Guides. With the current pace of the new server, there were a total of four dungeons; each one had three hidden BOSSes for a total of twelve. Every one of Concealed Light’s hidden BOSS guides were extremely detailed step-by-step guides that were over 20,000 words long. Even though Ye Xiu read very fast, he still had to read each word one by one. When Chen Guo called for him to eat, he had only finished six of them.</p>
    <p>“You’re still reading! I’ll eat first.” Chen Guo was already used to Ye Xiu’s obsession over the game.</p>
    <p>“Okay…..”</p>
    <p>“Have you found any mistakes?’ Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“No.” Ye Xiu shook his head.</p>
    <p>“Are you planning on reading them all?” Chen Guo knew that playing find the fault wasn’t a very fun game. It was actually quite tiring.</p>
    <p>“We’ll see!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Little Tang was killed by someone in the afternoon!” At the dining table, Chen Guo suddenly remembered.</p>
    <p>“What happened?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“She forgot to logout of the game. Her character was standing in the wild and someone killed her.” The person involved was calmer than Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“The killer was someone called Breaking Zero, a Level 33 Spellblade. If you see him, take note.” However, Chen Guo remembered better than Tang Rou and told him who the murderer was.</p>
    <p>“Got it.” Ye Xiu laughed, “If I see him, I’ll definitely kill him.”</p>
    <p>“Good.” Tang Rou nodded her head and then asked, “Did you figure out anything from these guides?”</p>
    <p>“This person might not have multiple accounts. With how long the new server has been online, I don’t think there’s enough time to understand the details of every single hidden BOSS to such a degree. Right now, I’m doubting whether this author has even killed these hidden BOSSes. He used previous guides and videos as sources to create such an idiot’s guide.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No way.” Chen Guo was astonished.</p>
    <p>“If what you’re saying is true, then this person is an extremely amazing new player!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“He used his imagination to write these guides, yet there aren’t any mistakes?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“That’s why I said he’s amazing.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I don’t believe it.”</p>
    <p>“After I finish eating, there’s still another six I need to look at!” Ye Xiu quickly ate his meal, got up and ran to continue reading the guides.</p>
    <p>Guide after guide, Ye Xiu read them without missing a word. The more he read the more he was sure of his judgement. From these guides, he was able to see several not-so-optimal places, which told Ye Xiu that the author had limited in-game experience. These twelve guides were actually just his imaginations after grasping the theory. However, the logic, rationality, and possibilities of these imaginations weren’t simple.</p>
    <p>After reading the last guide, Ye Xiu didn’t have any doubts. These twelve guides didn’t have any mistakes in them, however the weaknesses of the author were completely exposed by some of the details. Ye Xiu had already figured out what type of player this Concealed Light was to some extent. He was very interested in this person.</p>
    <p>Looking at the time, it was already almost 11 o’clock. It was almost time to change shifts, so Ye Xiu turned off his computer and went to the front desk. During the weekends, there were quite a lot of all-night customers, so the front desk was extremely busy. After Ye Xiu finished, it was 11:30.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou went to her usual spot and the two logged into the game. Ye Xiu went online and searched up Concealed Light’s name, but the character wasn’t online. Ye Xiu sent a friend request, but didn’t receive an answer. When he looked at his friends list, Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan still weren’t online, but Steamed Bun Invasion was. As a result, he sent Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion a message, telling them to gather in front of the dungeon entrance.</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
    <p>“Got it.”</p>
    <p>The two replied. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim immediately left Congee City and headed to Line Canyon.</p>
    <p>“Lord Grim has come online! He’s left the city and is now heading towards Line Canyon!”</p>
    <p>“Soft Mist has come online! She’s heading towards Line Canyon. Her character is still Critically Ill!”</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun Invasion has left the Arena. He’s now heading out of the city.”</p>
    <p>The three didn’t know that their whereabouts were being tracked by others.</p>
    <p>11:41</p>
    <p>“Desolate Land, coordinates: 1256, 1475. Cleansing Mist has come online.”</p>
    <p>11:44</p>
    <p>“Desolate Land, coordinates: 1256, 1466. One Inch Ash has come online.”</p>
    <p>New information continued to be transmitted.</p>
  </body>
</html>
