<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1683 - Happy’s Plans</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1683 - Happy’s Plans</h1>
    <p>Cloud Piercer whirled around, bullets flying towards every critical point.</p>
    <p>Even under the effects from Random Firing and Rapid Firing, his aim was as precise as ever.</p>
    <p>Bullets...</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan didn't even see Cloud Piercer's gun aimed towards him. He just saw him flash by him for an instant, and a bullet was flying towards One Inch Ash.</p>
    <p>Just a bit off!</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan was somewhat unwilling to let the opportunity go, but there was nothing he could do. The cast time for ghost boundaries wasn't something that he could control.</p>
    <p>Dodge.</p>
    <p>He could only dodge. If he didn't dodge, he would be interrupted.　　</p>
    <p>But just when he dodged the bullet, he saw another one flying towards him.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai wasn't only focused on Qiao Yifan. There hadn't been any pauses both times Zhou Zekai faced towards him, but his bullets went for him nonetheless. It wasn't just him, but An Wenyi's Little Cold Hands, Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain, Tang Rou's Soft Mist, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim...</p>
    <p>The crowd went wild!　　</p>
    <p>This was what they had been hoping for. This was what made Zhou Zekai so captivating. Using godlike inhuman skill to sweep away everything in his path.</p>
    <p>Random Firing and Rapid Firing. A normal player would have no way of aiming properly, but Zhou Zekai was able to guide each bullet to wherever he liked.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash's ghost boundary failed.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang and Wu Qi suddenly acquired a powerful shield of bullets. The two finally rushed out from the Dark Boundary, recovering their sight. They immediately set their eyes on Dancing Rain and Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>The situation had changed. However, there was one part that hadn't.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's Lord Grim. Although Cloud Piercer's Random Firing and Rapid Firing had shot him full of bullet holes, it didn't stop him from using Colliding Stab!</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai realized that something was wrong. With Cloud Piercer covering every member on Happy, he saw all of Happy's movements clearly.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng and An Wenyi looked like they were retreating. Tang Rou's Soft Mist seemed to be trying to force his way through the rain of bullets to Cloud Piercer's side. Qiao Yifan's One Inch Ash was behind him, dodging his bullets, but unable to complete any of his spells. Their movements...</p>
    <p>Lord Grim!</p>
    <p>They were coordinating with Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>In other words, Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was their true target. 　　</p>
    <p>Too far!</p>
    <p>After realizing this point, Zhou Zekai came to the conclusion that the distance between Empty Waves and Samsara was a problem. It might be a small one, and it was different from the coordinated assault from One Autumn Leaf and Cruel Silence. Samsara hadn't prepared for this change. Lord Grim's Colliding Stab had created it.</p>
    <p>Gunfire focused!</p>
    <p>The Random and Rapid Firing hadn't ended. Zhou Zekai suddenly focused his efforts onto Lord Grim.　</p>
    <p>A single bullet hitting had negligible hit stun. It wasn't enough to interrupt a skill cast, but when multiple bullets chained together in quick succession, the hit stun could no longer be ignored. </p>
    <p>Blood splattered into the air. Lord Grim's movements had clearly become slower, and Empty Waves was pulling away from the umbrella sword pressed against his chest. The dense gunfire was forcefully slowing down Colliding Stab, while also dealing quite a bit of damage to him.</p>
    <p>This sudden outburst created a new peak in energy from the crowd. The bright red blood was incomparable joy to the Samsara fans.</p>
    <p>But it was only for an instant!</p>
    <p>The wave of red blood stopped abruptly. Lord Grim was actually able to dodge the bullets.</p>
    <p>The viewers, the pro players, all of them felt their eyeballs fall out of their heads.</p>
    <p>What sort of inhuman skill was needed to be able to evade such dense and heavy gunfire? The control needed was astonishing, and Lord Grim was moving quite fast too, making it even more inconceivable.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn't pause for everyone to ponder over it. After dodging to the side, Lord Grim used another skill.　　</p>
    <p>Falling Flower Palm!</p>
    <p>A palm flew out, striking Empty Waves and sending him flying backwards. </p>
    <p>Empty Waves had finally left the Darkness Boundary. Jiang Botao could see again, but what he saw was his Empty Waves flying away from his team. Before he could get a read on the situation, Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella once again slammed into Empty Waves.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>Falling Flower Palm wasn't enough. Lord Grim used Charge, evading Cloud Piercer's pursuit, while also pushing Empty Waves even farther away.</p>
    <p>Happy's plan was already very clear at this point. Lord Grim was doing whatever he could to bring Empty Waves away, separating him from the rest of Team Samsara.</p>
    <p>The normal viewers had yet to catch on. What they saw was Sun Xiang and Wu Qi pressuring Su Mucheng and An Wenyi. What they saw was Zhou Zekai's godlike shooting. What they saw was Fang Minghua's Laughing Song casually walking out from the Darkness Boundary. Jiang Botao's Empty Waves was being pushed back, but in their eyes, it was just a small flaw in the overall situation. Moreover, Happy had paid a significant price to achieve this. Lord Grim had taken quite a bit of damage from Cloud Piercer's burst even with his unbelievably fast evasion.</p>
    <p>Even if he dodged, what could he do? The big stadium screen put on a slow motion replay. It was only through this replay did people realize that Lord Grim had used a skill to get away from the rain of bullets. He had used the speed from Shining Cut to escape. But this made Ye Xiu's play even more terrifying. The window that he needed to do it in had been miniscule. It practically wasn't even a window, yet he was actually able to make it?</p>
    <p>Everyone sucked in a cold breath of air. Even the average viewer knew how terrifying such a feat was.</p>
    <p>To do it just to keep on attacking Empty Waves, was this small flaw really that small?</p>
    <p>From Ye Xiu's choices and his determination, quite a few people began to realize that Empty Waves' situation might not be so simple. Everyone began to shift their attention to that end.</p>
    <p>Empty Waves, Lord Grim, a speeding bullets.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai's full attention was directed there. Besides him, no one could immediately step forward to obstruct Happy's plans. Sun Xiang and Wu Qi had used their movement skills to get out of the Darkness Boundary. Then, in order to put pressure on Su Mucheng and An Wenyi, they chased after them. From Empty Waves' position, the two of them were running away from him.</p>
    <p>Fang Minghua's Laughing Song, who people thought would be Happy's main target, hadn't really been targeted at all. In the end, Laughing Song took his final step and made it out into the light. </p>
    <p>However, the first thing he saw was One Inch Ash's blade, emanating with ghostly light.</p>
  </body>
</html>
