<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 412 – Team Secret</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 412 – Team Secret</h1>
    <p>The stifled Chen Guo still watched the match between Tyranny and Excellent Era again with Ye Xiu. This time, she wasn’t watching for fun nor was she enjoying the atmosphere with other passionate fans. This time, she was appreciating the match and studying it.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu explained the reasoning behind the position of Zhang Xinjie’s Immovable Rock in detail. Chen Guo suddenly felt like a new world had opened before her.</p>
    <p>When they watched, they didn’t watch it all the way through to the end in one breath. Ye Xiu often paused during several moments and rewound to watch it again, looking at the scene from a different viewpoint. Only then did Chen Guo realize that Ye Xiu wasn’t watching the direct VOD of the broadcasted match, but the VOD uploaded after the match onto the game’s spectating interface.</p>
    <p>The spectating interface was the same as the one in the Arena. By using the spectating features in Glory, the viewpoint could be switched freely. If one were to study a match, these features were necessary.</p>
    <p>However, this type of VOD would have to be downloaded. The size of the file wasn’t small either. As soon as Chen Guo had left, Ye Xiu had begun watching it. This meant that he had downloaded the file much earlier. He had planned on studying the match beforehand. It wasn’t something he had done on a whim.</p>
    <p>He really deserves to be called a professional……. Chen Guo quietly thought. Her mind sometimes wandered off. This was because in some of the places where Ye Xiu rewound, he didn’t say anything. Chen Guo watched on the side, but had no idea what she was supposed to be looking for. Seeing Ye Xiu look so serious, she felt bad bothering him, so she thought about other things.</p>
    <p>When Ye Xiu finished watching a section, he would sometimes explain what he analyzed to Chen Guo, but sometimes he wouldn’t say anything and just continue on. Chen Guo didn’t say too much. She listened when Ye Xiu explained and didn’t ask when Ye Xiu didn’t say anything.</p>
    <p>And just like this, Ye Xiu took an hour to finish watching the 24 minute match from beginning to end. He wasn’t done either. After watching the conclusion, he went back to several moments and watched those again.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo was feeling many different emotions right now. She had originally thought that she was quite familiar with Glory and felt that the only difference between her and a pro player was in mechanics. But after hearing Ye Xiu analyze the match in such detail, Chen Guo deeply felt that her original thoughts were too simple.</p>
    <p>She suddenly thought of when Ye Xiu said to Tang Rou: If you want to surpass me, then you have to at least know how large the gap between us is!</p>
    <p>Chen Guo discovered that these words applied to her too. It would be applicable to many Glory veterans. The difference between players who played for fun and professionals who played for a living was unimaginable.</p>
    <p>“Okay, that’s enough.” Ye Xiu nodded his head after re-watching several details.</p>
    <p>“You’re done studying it?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Pretty much!” Ye Xiu said. He created a word document and titled it “Tyranny vs Excellent Era”. Then, he added the date in parentheses and wrote down a few things.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo watched for a bit and saw that he was doing a summary of the match. Ye Xiu also wrote down some of the things he had explained to Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo learned that being a pro player was much more difficult than she had imagined. Pros didn’t just play the game all day to practice and then go on stage for the match when the time came.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo accompanied him without saying a word. After Ye Xiu finished writing what he wanted on the word document, he saved it. Then, he clicked on the folder where he would put it in. The folder astonished Chen Guo. There were countless documents inside with the team names and their match dates.</p>
    <p>“These……”</p>
    <p>“The matches from the past two months.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You watched all of them?”</p>
    <p>“Not all of them.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Can I look at them?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Sure!” Ye Xiu let her sit in his seat. Chen Guo sat down and clicked on a few of the documents in the folder.</p>
    <p>They were just like the one Ye Xiu had just completed. In these documents were details he had analyzed from the matches, from tactics to movements, even what the players might have been thinking at that moment.</p>
    <p>“This really is too…… too……” Chen Guo couldn’t find the right words to express what she was feeling.</p>
    <p>“It’s nothing. It’s a job.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Is there anything I can do to help?” Chen Guo realized how difficult being a pro was. If they really were going to form a team, then Ye Xiu would only have more work to do. Chen Guo hoped that she could help share the responsibility.</p>
    <p>“Later, when there’s more. You can help me organize them. Organizing, while learning from them. When your skill level is higher, you can try do some analysis.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“I’m not good enough…..” Chen Guo immediately said.</p>
    <p>“Not now obviously. I’m saying that if you really want to learn, doing this sort of thing will be helpful.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then I’ll give it a try!” Chen Guo was very confident in herself. It was just that in Glory, she didn’t have much confidence when compared to Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“It’s late already. Go take a rest! You still have to open up the Cafe at noon!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Mm, I’ll go to sleep. What about you?”</p>
    <p>“I’m going to rest for a bit too.” Ye Xiu said. He looked a bit tired. In Chen Guo’s eyes, as long as he was playing Glory, he would always be full of energy. Did anything unusual happen today? He had done a few of the Heavenly Domain tests and analyzed a match. From the looks of things, these were quite a bit more tiring than leveling up.</p>
    <p>After the two cleaned up, they both went to sleep. They naturally slept until noon. When Ye Xiu woke up, Chen Guo was already gone. He tidied up his room and went downstairs. The Internet Cafe had already opened up. Business was slow in the afternoon, so it wasn’t too busy. When Ye Xiu came down, the employees who had just come back from a long vacation greeted Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked around and saw Chen Guo was at their computer stations, telling someone to do something. Ye Xiu recognized this person. He was a computer repair technician. He wasn’t usually around at the Internet Cafe and was called over whenever there was a problem with a computer.</p>
    <p>“What’s wrong with the computers?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I’m planning on running a network cable that’s separate from the server network to the computer.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Why?” Ye Xiu didn’t understand.</p>
    <p>“Because these computers contain information gathered up by our team. We can’t be careless.” Chen Guo explained.</p>
    <p>“Are you joking?” Ye Xiu wasn’t sure.</p>
    <p>“Of course not. Only this computer has your documents downloaded onto it. I’ve just added a password to it too. I’ll tell it to you in a bit.” Chen Guo whispered.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you being a bit excessive?” Ye Xiu also whispered.</p>
    <p>“This is an Internet Cafe, after all. It’s not like your former Club, so we have to be more careful.” Chen Guo cautiously glanced around as if right now, the ones sitting at the Internet Cafe weren’t customers, but spies looking for secret information.</p>
    <p>“Oh so it’s like that……” Ye Xiu nodded his head. He didn’t say anything more. Chen Guo’s actions were quite reasonable. The teams in the Pro Alliance considered their equipment, strategies, tactics, and analysis of opponents as secrets. They wouldn’t be revealed so easily. Even though their Team Happy only existed in words, it wasn’t bad to prepare.</p>
    <p>“Is Little Tang coming back today?” Ye Xiu watched technician tinker with the computer, while saying to Chen Guo.</p>
    <p>“She called me today and she said that she’d be back tomorrow.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“She’s been playing quite a lot these past few days.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Yeah. You guys have taken advantage of the Spring Festival event.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>During the Spring Festival, it couldn’t be said that there weren’t many players online, but there truly weren’t many elites from the top guilds that were online. It wasn’t hard to explain this. For normal players, when they had a break, they would take some time to play and have some fun. It was very normal. But for the guild elites, the game was their work, so during the Spring Festival, they wouldn’t play games during vacation. As a result, Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, and Tang Rou could be considered as having been online for a long time. The rewards from the Spring Festival were good and after the seven days of break ended, the three were the top three players on the tenth server level standings.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was placed first. He was already Level 50. Next was Tang Rou’s Soft Mist and then Su Mucheng’s Cleansing Mist. Both were Level 49, but their experience bars were at different stages.</p>
    <p>“Are these three characters going to be our team members in the future?” Chen Guo asked. She was considering the idea of a team more and more seriously now.</p>
    <p>“I hope so!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Which one of them aren’t you too certain about?” Chen Guo asked.</p>
    <p>“Little Tang!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So you’re saying Mu Mu will definitely join us?” Chen Guo began growing excited.</p>
    <p>“I think she’d be quite happy with that.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Little Tang…… I’ll have a chat with her when there’s a chance to……” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Mm…..” Ye Xiu nodded his head.</p>
    <p>“That’s only three people though. It won’t be enough.” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“We’ll take it slowly!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Are there enough of these types of characters?”</p>
    <p>“Players need time to improve. Characters also need time to grow stronger. If we’re just looking at these right now, there are too many things that we don’t have enough. We don’t even have enough players!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Is a year and half enough time?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Starting a team from scratch….. Is something I have experience with!” Ye Xiu smiled.</p>
    <p>“Tell me your plan!” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Our current problem is that we’re lacking players. There are two ways to find players. One way is to search for talent yourself and train them. The second way is to look for already matured players from other teams. The second way can’t be accomplished before we enter the Alliance, so let’s start with those around us first! Speaking of this, you’ve been playing Glory for awhile and you’ve been managing the Internet Cafe for so long. Is there anyone you know that you feel is pretty good?” Ye Xiu asked Chen Guo.</p>
  </body>
</html>
