<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1374 -  Thirty-Seven Consecutive Wins</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1374 -  Thirty-Seven Consecutive Wins</h1>
    <p>A shot that Ye Xiu had so precisely calculated and fired of course wouldn’t just be an ordinary attack. This was a Spitfire skill: Stun Bullet. The instant it hit, Lord Grim was already pulling back and circling around. Then, he began his offensive.</p>
    <p>Unspecialized Blitz!</p>
    <p>This was a term that had circulated for a while now. Bai Shu had heard of it before, and he had studied it. He had felt that he wouldn’t give Ye Xiu that kind of opportunity during the match. But now, he understood, it wasn’t that he would give an opportunity, it was that the opponent would create the opportunity himself. After being hit by the Stun Bullet, Tide could no longer move, and so when Lord Grim charged over, circled around to his back, and began attacking, what could he do?</p>
    <p>The Paralysis status wore off fairly quickly, but Lord Grim’s offensive was far from over. Bai Shu tried to control Tide to block with his shield, because he just needed to block one attack to rebalance the situation. But Ye Xiu had clearly considered this point from early on. Tide was a Knight, which was a class that had a shield that gave them a natural advantage in interrupting the opponent’s attack. This was why Ye Xiu had begun his attack from behind, preventing Bai Shu from controlling Tide to pull out his shield to block. Just like that, the famous Silver of Life became mere ornamentation.</p>
    <p>Thirty-seven!</p>
    <p>The fans in Happy’s home stadium were already cheering.</p>
    <p>A win streak lasting thirty-seven rounds. How incredible of a record was that?</p>
    <p>It had never been done before, and it would likely never be repeated again. Right here, right now, this miraculous record was about to be born. Countless fans in the audience were rising from their seats, and Happy’s diehard fans had already made preparations beforehand. They were just waiting for the instant that Lord Grim killed Tide for good, and then they would begin their celebration ceremony for this record.</p>
    <p>“Ten!”</p>
    <p>“Nine!”</p>
    <p>“Eight!”</p>
    <p>“Seven!”</p>
    <p>“Six!”</p>
    <p>There wasn’t much remaining of Tide’s health. From some corner of the stadium, this countdown suddenly began, gradually spreading through the audience. By the time they reached six, aside from a few depressed 301 fans, the entire stadium was chanting along.</p>
    <p>“Five!” Everyone stared at Tide’s dwindling health bar.</p>
    <p>“Four!” Everyone watched Lord Grim attack.</p>
    <p>“Three!” Everyone calculated the damage that was dealt by this attack.</p>
    <p>“Two!” Everyone once again checked Tide’s remaining health.</p>
    <p>“One!” Another attack from Lord Grim arrived, and everyone prayed, fall, you bastard! They didn’t have any particular enmity toward Bai Shu, but in this moment, they cursed him with all their heart.</p>
    <p>“Zero!” The cheers reached their peak, Lord Grim’s Sword Draw flashed out, and the blade scattered blood as it swung to the sky. And finally, Tide’s health reached zero!</p>
    <p>“Thirty-seven!!!” After zero, another number surged forward, but no one was surprised. This was what they had been waiting for.</p>
    <p>Bang bang bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>The stadium erupted with fireworks, colorful confetti bursting forth to surround the whole stage. This was all clearly something that Happy fans had planned in advance. The fans who had the fireworks had arranged themselves in a ring all around the stadium, to allow the celebration to spread to all corners. Even in the middle of the away team’s fan section, a spy had somehow infiltrated their midst and set off a firework, although it was only round. Probably that fan was soon forcibly stopped by the surrounding 301 fans.</p>
    <p>“Thirty-seven!” In the midst of the confetti, the fans cheered with all their might, and Chen Guo felt the tears beginning to stream down her cheeks. That guy, he had actually done it. He had started as an overnight manager at Happy Internet Cafe and established this team from scratch. He personally defeated Excellent Era, the team he had spent seven years fighting for. He returned to this stage, and then he established this shocking record that perhaps no one would ever surpass, permanently carving his true name onto this homeland of Glory.</p>
    <p>“Too incredible!” Chen Guo exclaimed, wiping at her tears.</p>
    <p>“It is!” The shameless Wei Chen, for once, didn’t have any words of mockery, and his voice was sincere and heavy as he answered Chen Guo. Yes, it was really too incredible. How was this bastard so strong? Was he even stronger than he was ten years ago?</p>
    <p>“I can’t believe him!” Fang Rui yelled. “What about all the players in the future? This record is so ridiculous, it’s disgusting!”</p>
    <p>“To surpass it, you’d need thirty-eight consecutive wins?” Tang Rou still saw that tiny thread of hope.</p>
    <p>“Boss is powerful, Boss is dominating,” said Steamed Bun.</p>
    <p>“As expected of Senior,” said Qiao Yifan.</p>
    <p>“It’s amazing, I could never do that,” Luo Ji said.</p>
    <p>“This is really our captain…” An Wenyi was originally a Tyranny fan, and Ye Xiu had always been the person he could never like too much, but now, he had essentially been converted into his fan.</p>
    <p>“…” Mo Fan didn’t say anything, but his eyes, like those of the others, were filled with marvel.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng didn’t say anything, either. She knew the hardships Ye Xiu had endured these past two years, and she knew that this insane win streak wasn’t just for himself, but for another legacy. That character, Lord Grim, should have been controlled by another person to shine onstage with power unstoppable. But unfortunately, that could never become reality.</p>
    <p>Now, Ye Xiu had completed this season for him. He used the character Lord Grim to leave behind a record that could never be erased. Perhaps no one would ever learn that other person’s name, but Lord Grim, this character he created, would forever remain in Glory’s history.</p>
    <p>It was amazing.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng stood and clapped. She didn’t cry, because she had always believed in Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>He said he would return, and so he returned.</p>
    <p>He said he would establish a win streak, and so he won thirty-seven in a row.</p>
    <p>He said they would aim for the championship this season, and Su Mucheng believed that this championship would undoubtedly belong to Happy.</p>
    <p>The door to the competitor booth was opened. Ye Xiu walked out, walked onto the stage, and the cheers of the crowd instantly grew even louder. Bang bang bang, another ring of fireworks was set off. The fans had planned to do another round at this moment, although the fireworks from the away team’s seating came a fraction later. Still, even when surrounded by the strict monitoring of the 301 fans after the last round of fireworks, this brave man still managed to suddenly break through and fire again. He could be called the hero of the fans.</p>
    <p>“Thirty-seven!” Everyone continued to holler. Ye Xiu waved to the audience, expressing his thanks, before walking offstage.</p>
    <p>“What an incredible record!” At this moment, although the live broadcast was set to show Hundred Blossoms’ match against Samsara, they suddenly took advantage of the break between battles to show the scene at Happy’s stadium. This, too, was something the broadcasters had arranged beforehand. They didn’t choose to show this Happy versus 301 match, but they didn’t want to miss the moment that this powerful record was born. They had to record this in video.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, when Ye Xiu defeated Bai Shu, Samsara and Hundred Blossoms had also just finished their first battle. The broadcast didn’t care too much about how difficult it must have been for Hundred Blossoms, as the away team, to earn a point against Samsara. As soon as they saw how perfectly the timing was, they didn’t hesitate to switch the cameras over to Happy.</p>
    <p>The commentators Pan Lin and Li Yibo also couldn’t be bothered to compliment the old general Zhang Wei or acknowledge how difficult it must have been for him to defeat Samsara’s All-Star Lu Boyuan. The two swiftly began to sing their praises for this terrifying win record that Ye Xiu had established.</p>
    <p>“An incredible record, an incredible record.” Pan Lin repeated this phrase three times, because he truly couldn’t find any other words to describe it.</p>
    <p>“Thirty-seven consecutive wins, Ye Xiu is really…” Li Yibo also couldn’t find the words.</p>
    <p>“Amazing!” Pan Lin found it.</p>
    <p>“Mm.” Li Yibo nodded, but he didn’t echo it too much. Because of his Tyranny background, it was already somewhat difficult for him to give impartial commentary on Ye Xiu. To extol him now, to proclaim him the greatest, Li Yibo suddenly felt somewhat uncomfortable.</p>
    <p>“Happy’s fans are very excited. These are all fireworks that they’ve set at the stadium, to celebrate this birth of this extraordinary record,” Pan Lin described the scene at the stadium.</p>
    <p>“Right now, Ye Xiu is walking offstage. The audience is giving him a standing ovation – oh, and the players of the two teams as well! 301 is very dignified, even though this record was ultimately built from their defeat. Haha, even the judge is coming over, standing at the side of the stage and applauding, this record is truly too moving. To be able to experience this moment in person is also a very fortunate thing!” Pan Lin continued.</p>
    <p>“The judge has finished clapping, it looks like he’s saying something. Hm? He’s insisting that the match continue? This judge is a bit strict. At such a historic moment, what’s the harm in letting everyone be happy a little longer?” said Pan Lin.</p>
    <p>“This is the final, most critical match, after all!” Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>“Mm. The display screen is already showing the players for the next battle, Happy’s Luo Ji, the MVP of last round, the rookie who’s earned the respect and notice of us all. What about 301? Oh, it’s the Blade Master Gao Jie! Let us… Oh, let’s return to Samsara versus Hundred Blossoms.” Pan Lin wiped at his forehead. He had almost begun to start commentating the match of Happy against 301.</p>
    <p>At Samsara’s home stadium, the match had progressed to the second battle of the individual competition. Hundred Blossoms had won the first battle, earning a first point, so this match was off to a good start for them. And 301 had lost a point first, which was good news for Hundred Blossoms. But their primary competitor right now was still Wind Howl, and news from Tiny Herb’s home stadium said that Wind Howl had also won their first battle. Having won one point, they continued to suppress Hundred Blossoms by their superior head-to-head score.</p>
    <p>“Don’t worry about everyone else. We’ll only have the right to seize our chance if we play our own matches well!” Hundred Blossoms Captain Yu Feng encouraged his teammates. In the second battle of the individual round, they would be sending Zhou Guangyi against Samsara’s vice-captain, Jiang Botao.</p>
    <p>Another win!</p>
    <p>A few minutes later, Hundred Blossoms once again received good news. Zhou Guangyi defeated Jiang Botao, helping Hundred Blossoms earn another point.</p>
    <p>“Hundred Blossoms is in excellent condition today!” Pan Lin and Li Yibo both exclaimed. In these two consecutive matches, the Hundred Blossoms players had performed exceptionally.</p>
    <p>And after the end of each match, everyone would immediately worry about the points of their direct competitors.</p>
    <p>“301 won the second individual battle against Happy,” Pan Lin said, checking updates from the other matches.</p>
    <p>“In Tiny Herb vs Wind Howl, Wind Howl also won the second battle,” Li Yibo added, looking in on that match.</p>
    <p>“Well, it looks like Hundred Blossoms is still behind!” Pan Lin sighed. Even though they’d managed to win two points from the powerful Samsara, they still hadn’t been able to change the situation. This could be quite a blow to morale.</p>
    <p>“Hopefully Hundred Blossoms won’t be disrupted. They need to adjust their mentality and play their next battles well. This is only the beginning,” said Li Yibo.</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Bad news folks, updates are going to slow down to maybe 1 chapter every 2 days for the next twoish weeks. I will be going on vacation to Japan from 12/12-12/25. Our other two main translators (Syncogon and Jouissance) are also very busy around that time and cannot translate either.</p>
  </body>
</html>
