<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 55 – Surpassing the Guide</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 55 – Surpassing the Guide</h1>
    <p>“Little Tang, do you want to try?” Chen Guo handed the mini Whack-a-Mole to Tang Rou. </p>
    <p>“She doesn’t need it. This won’t help her much. Her effective  hand speed is probably around two hundred, but she’s not familiar with  the game. Without experience, her ability to judge is lacking,  restricting her reaction speed. She still has space to improve, but she  can only slowly grind it out in the game.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Then, what about you? How fast is your playing hand speed?” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“Me? I’ve already passed the increasing my hand speed stage. My 60 APM is more than enough to beat you.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>Chen Guo suddenly thought of her first time seeing Ye Xiu’s  disabled level hand speed. Yet he was able to solo the Midnight Phantom  Cat only relying on this hand speed. At the time, Chen Guo felt quite  mystified. Now hearing that Ye Xiu could destroy her with 60 APM, Chen  Guo wasn’t mad at all. She had already felt that Ye Xiu wasn’t as simple  as he seemed. Freely switching hand speeds. This was the biggest  difference between professional and normal players. </p>
    <p>“How much longer do you need for this?” Chen Guo asked Ye Xiu about tidying up the guides. </p>
    <p>“Still a bit longer. The guides Ye Xiu made didn’t cover  everything. There are guides by others that are quite good too. In a  bit, I’ll help add them in. Actually, looking at the guides first  without touching the game yet isn’t good. It’s best to experience the  game first and have a certain amount of basics before looking at a  guide.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Why? Wouldn’t following a guide help you do less wrong things?” Chen Guo said. </p>
    <p>“The guide is only a summary of the author’s experiences. The  content inside only represents the person’s experiences at that time.  After a year or two has passed or even a few months, someone will  discover a better way than what the guide says. This isn’t only because  of game changes, but also because the players’ skill levels are  constantly increasing. Clear records only exist to be broken. The peak  will always lie in the future. Guides are only references and shouldn’t  be blindly consulted. Otherwise, you’ll never break through to the next  step.” </p>
    <p>Hearing this, Chen Guo could only stare blankly. She didn’t want  to believe that this reasoning had just come from that damned sloppy  mouth. This reasoning ignored the God Ye Qiu that Chen Guo worshipped.  If they were on an even level, then Chen Guo would definitely strangle  the guy. But at this moment, she felt as if she didn’t have any energy. </p>
    <p>“Then, I’ll play first!” In the end, Tang Rou replied. She sat at  the computer station next to Ye Xiu and inserted her account card. </p>
    <p>Ye Xiu nodded his head and turned his head towards Chen Guo. </p>
    <p>“I…….I’m going to play Whack-a-Mole?” In this instant, Chen Guo  couldn’t help but feel a little skeptical on whether she was being toyed  with. </p>
    <p>“Playing Whack-a-Mole will only help improve your reaction speed.  To actually increase your effective hand speed, you have to practice  in-game.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Okay.” Chen Guo nodded her head. </p>
    <p>“Okay, see you later!” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Chen Guo agreed. She turned around and left. After  walking a few steps, she finally reacted. What’s with this guy’s  attitude! Who was the boss? </p>
    <p>Thinking of this, she turned her head to look. However, she saw  that Ye Xiu looked so serious working on the guides. He didn’t have any  of that half-dead look. Chen Guo froze, stumped for words. She  unexpectedly felt too embarrassed to disturb him. Looking again at Tang  Rou, she saw that Tang Rou was concentrated on the game. After looking  at the Whack-a-Mole in her hands for a while, she silently walked away. </p>
    <p>Little Tang had talent. Ye Xiu was already extremely strong. But  her? Chen Guo sat at the reception desk in a daze. She herself really  liked this game and also hoped to get good at the game, but….. Chen Guo  knew that it wasn’t possible for her to break through to the next step.  27 years old. In terms of e-sports, this was already a time to recall  memories of the past, instead of looking towards the future. </p>
    <p>Tang Rou smugly entered the game, but after a short while, she  had already suffered from setbacks. Her 200 APM couldn’t solve this  problem. Ye Xiu had also encountered the problem. And Chen Guo did too  the other night playing on her low-leveled account. The problem of too  many people in the beginner area. </p>
    <p>She received quests with great difficulty and took forever to  kill a monster. With so many people in the beginner village, no matter  how fast your reaction or hand speed was, you would always fail to kill a  monster. Tang Rou was tossed from side to side and beaten black and  blue, but persevered on. After half an hour, she finally leveled up from  Level 1 to Level 2. </p>
    <p>Tang Rout let out a sigh and looked towards Ye Xiu. He was still  tidying up the guides and was still focused as before. His concentration  made even Tang Rou feel amazed. </p>
    <p>Right when she was looking, she saw the focused Ye Xiu put his  left hand into his pocket and take out a cigarette box. He shook twice  and the cigarette jumped into his mouth. Throughout the entire process,  his eyes hadn’t shifted away from the screen at all. His right hand  moved the mouse back and forth without ever stopping either. </p>
    <p>Just when he was about to light up the cigarette, he was suddenly poked. He turned around and saw Tang Rou. </p>
    <p>“You can’t smoke here. Guo Guo will get angry.” Tang Rou warned Ye Xiu. </p>
    <p>“Oh……” Ye Xiu’s smoking was a subconscious movement; he didn’t  need to think about it. After Tang Rou’s warning, he discovered that he  somehow had a cigarette in his mouth. Their seating was in the corner,  however, and was fairly far from the reception desk. Besides Tang Rou  and him, there was no one else there. </p>
    <p>“She can’t see it! So I’ll smoke one cigarette. Don’t tell her.”  Ye Xiu still sneakily lit up his cigarette. In the end, he even turned  around and politely asked: “Do you want one?” </p>
    <p>“No thanks.” </p>
    <p>“Have you smoked before?” </p>
    <p>“I’ve tried, but I didn’t like it.” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“Oh.” Ye Xiu nodded his head. He extended his head out and looked at Tang Rou’s screen: “What level?” </p>
    <p>“Level 2.” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“Go go Tang Rou!” </p>
    <p>“This Lord Grim is you, right?” Tang Rou suddenly asked. </p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked towards the tenth server’s dungeon records on Tang  Rou’s screen. Lord Grim’s great name hung on four of the lists. </p>
    <p>“You’re already planning on breaking my record?” Ye Xiu grinned. </p>
    <p>“I can’t for first clears, right?” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Ye Xiu nodded his head. </p>
    <p>As a result, Tang Rou’s gaze fell on Frost Forest’s clear record. </p>
    <p>“This record can’t be broken on your own.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“I saw. I still need four others to cooperate, right?” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“Later on, there will even be ten player ones, twenty player ones, and even more.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>Tang Rou was silent. He didn’t know what she was thinking. </p>
    <p>“I’ve finished this guide. Where should I put it?” With the help of the cigarette, Ye Xiu finished tidying the guide. </p>
    <p>“The desktop is fine, but you can do it this way….” Tang Rou went  over to show him. Internet Cafe computers all automatically rebooted,  but employees could use an admin account to avoid this. </p>
    <p>Even in these few simple movements, Tang Rou’s nimbleness could be seen. </p>
    <p>“How did you practice your hand speed?” Ye Xiu suddenly asked. </p>
    <p>Hearing this, Tang Rou’s movements stopped for a bit. Ye Xiu’s keen eye saw this minute change. </p>
    <p>“I never practiced it. I was just born like this.” Tang Rou said. </p>
    <p>“Really?” Ye Xiu smiled and didn’t say anything more. He stood up  from his seat and gave it to Tang Rou: “You continue here! If you have  any questions on the game or the guide, just come ask me.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“Thanks. And you?” Tang Rou saw that Ye Xiu was about to leave. </p>
    <p>“I’m going to the smoking area. That place is a bit safer.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
  </body>
</html>
