<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1100: Raised Monsters</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1100: Raised Monsters</h1>
    <p>"Raise them?"</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu couldn't do his monster raising plan alone. He needed to coordinate with his guild for this to work. Directly asking guild members to sacrifice themselves was somewhat inhumane, so he would need to rely on his alternate accounts to complete the task.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was just about to discuss with Wu Chen how exactly they should carry this out, but Wu Chen already replied back: "This isn't going to be easy."</p>
    <p>"Why?" Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>"I've already tried it. The base value of a ghost is 100 points. If the ghost kills a player, it's value will increase by 1. Let's put aside issues like manpower and account cards on hand. Let's just look at the problem with the ghost killing players. If a player doesn't wear any armor and doesn't defend, a ghost will need 10 or 20 seconds to kill the player. Killing 100 players is equal to 100 more points. If we average it out and say 15 seconds per person. 100 players would need 25 minutes. Of course, the ghost having the ability to attack en masse and killing faster the stronger it grows are factors, but if you consider the issue of the possible risks involved and our current manpower, raising a monster won't be an easy task." Wu Chen explained.</p>
    <p>"Oh, understood." Ye Xiu replied. As soon as he heard that a single player killed was only worth one more point, he knew that it wouldn't be easy to make this work for the current Happy. Putting aside the calculations that Wu Chen made, finding enough manpower would require a lot of effort. He didn't have enough on hand. The Internet cafe customers had account cards, but who was going to help him for no reason? Especially since all of the Glory players were all busy with this event too. As a result, his only option would be to hire people. With Happy's current resources, he could afford it, but was that worth it just for this event?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu calculated, but then he felt that something wasn't right. When he had killed that seaweed monster, Lord Grim had obtained 625 points. It had already killed 525 players? It had only been an hour since the event had started. It didn't conform with Wu Chen's calculations. How did this seaweed monster do it? Could it be that its original value was high? It had started out as a mini-boss level ghost? The event never said anything about that though!</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was pondering over this mystery, when he saw a team of players from the far end of the street charging over. He recognized the person in front, Samsara's guild leader, Three Realms Six Paths.</p>
    <p>When this team reached the bridge, they hastily looked towards the water beneath the bridge. In that instant, Ye Xiu realized something. As for Three Realms Six Paths, the instant he saw Lord Grim, he stopped looking under the bridge and shouted: "FUCK YOU!!!"</p>
    <p>"Uh... you guys raised it?" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>He figured it out. This monster that had eaten 525 players hadn't grown naturally. It had been intentionally raised by people. Ye Xiu hadn't been the only one to think of raising a monster. Just look at Wu Chen. Wu Chen had already tested it before Ye Xiu had even asked. He had clearly noticed that there was a potential exploit. As for the other guilds, their in-game experience was far richer than pro players, so they had noticed it too. Those guilds had the manpower and the accounts to carry out something Happy couldn't. As a result, raising a monster seemed to be an obvious course of action.</p>
    <p>Samsara had tried, and the ghost that they found was quite a good one.</p>
    <p>This seaweed monster had weak defense and low health. It seemed to be a feature that all ghosts in the Ghost Parade had in common. But apart from that, it had powerful attacks and the scattered seaweed clumps could attack many players at once, making it a ghost perfect for growing quickly.</p>
    <p>Even though it had been raised…...</p>
    <p>"Why didn't you have anyone guard it?" Ye Xiu raised an honest question. What had just happened was one of the "potential risks" that Wu Chen had mentioned. Ye Xiu had just taken away all of the effort that Samsara had put into the ghost, yet now he was giving them a suggestion.</p>
    <p>Three Realms Six Paths wanted to cry.</p>
    <p>Why wasn't anyone guarding it? They obviously had people in the beginning, but as the seaweed monster became stronger, players started coming over and becoming its food. That was a cherry on top for Samsara, so not only did they not stop them, they welcomed them! As a result, the guards felt like there was no need to watch over it. They might as well just become its food and make it grow faster.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim just happened to pass by and get caught by the seaweed monster. He just happened to be an unspecialized too, allowing him to kill the seaweed monster alone because of his multi-class skill set. After Samsara saw Troubling Rain cursing in the global chat, they realized something wasn't right. They didn't know if other guilds were raising monsters, but they were doing it. Three Realms Six Paths immediately asked the players stationed there whether the seaweed monster was safe and sound, but the team guarding the seaweed monster had sacrificed themselves and were on their way back, so when Three Realms Six Paths asked, they kept stalling.</p>
    <p>Three Realms Six Paths suddenly had a bad feeling and personally went over. The others were still checking under the bridge, but Three Realms Six Paths immediately noticed that Lord Grim was on the bridge. Lord Grim had suddenly gained 600 points in one go and jumped to first place. The seaweed monster that we had painstakingly raised had been snatched away by this fucker?</p>
    <p>Three Realms Six Paths felt bitter! But after cursing "Fuck you", he couldn't say anything more.</p>
    <p>How could he blame Ye Xiu? He couldn't because Ye Xiu had already started scolding him justly and forcefully: "You have to watch over it!! You guys raised such a terrifying monster. Who knows how many innocent players were harmed? I almost died too! You've gotta be more careful next time!"</p>
    <p>NEXT TIME?! This bastard was thinking of a next time??</p>
    <p>If this were someone else, Three Realms Six Paths would have had called everyone over to blast this guy to smithereens. But it had to be Ye Xiu….. It wasn't like he revered Ye Xiu. It was a question of whether they could actually beat him. He didn't have that many people on his side, and all of them had been "food". They had lost a lot of experience and had no equipment on them. If they actually tried to fight him, they would probably be the ones getting eaten, no?</p>
    <p>Three Realms Six Paths grit his teeth, but he could only swallow his anger. They could only blame themselves for being too greedy, wanting to use other passerbiers as fodder. If they had made their guards stay to watch over it, their guards could have warned other people not to come over. They could have at least warned a dangerous fellow like Ye Xiu... fuck, would he have left just because they warned him? In reality, Three Realms Six Paths didn't think so. The purpose of a guard wasn't to warn people. Was a warning going to stop other people? When was the Heavenly Domain ever so peaceful? Especially between the club guilds.</p>
    <p>There were no grounds to argue with him. What's more, he didn't even know. Have him pay? Three Realms Six Paths wasn't naive enough to say that. This time, he could only take the blow and watch as Lord Grim marched out magnanimously. As for the food, they were standing on the bridge, staring blankly at the clean river water.</p>
    <p>He obviously needed to tell the pro team what had happened because Three Realms Six Paths had already told them that they were raising a big monster for the pros to come get the points. But now, there was nothing. He had to at least tell them.</p>
    <p>Samsara wasn't the only one raising monsters. Clubs had their own dedicated in-game divisions. How could they not do any research towards this event? After looking at the rules, the club guilds had already been planning on doing this way before the event even started. It was just that they didn't know the specifics yet. When the even started and they tested it, they found out that one death was only one point. Such miniscule gains only allowed these guilds to gather enough manpower to raise a single big monster. Ye Xiu's Lord Grim suddenly jumping to first wasn't anything too surprising. Even though Huang Shaotian had been cursing in the global chat, he also understood.</p>
    <p>However, why did Happy kill it so early? Why did Happy kill their raised monster so fast?</p>
    <p>The rather innocent people thought in this way. However, some people thought of the storm that Ye Xiu always brought up wherever he went and guessed something very close to the truth: he hadn't stolen someone else's monster, did he?</p>
    <p>As a result, in that instant, it wasn't just Three Realms Six Paths checking on the situation. The various guild leaders were all asking about their raised monsters. Unfortunately, it was only Samsara with the grievous news.</p>
    <p>The other guilds heard that their raised monsters were safe and sound. They instantly felt their hearts relax. However, in the end, they were also curious about whether a guild had gotten unlucky or not.</p>
    <p>It wasn't hard to find out. They didn't even need to put their spies to use. Someone directly asked about in the guild leader chat group.</p>
    <p>"I say… did Lord Grim steal someone's monster?" The first to speak was Tyrannical Ambition's Jiang You. As Excellent Era's old rival in the past, Tyranny always analyzed Ye Xiu from the worst way possible.</p>
    <p>When Jiang You asked, the other curious guild leaders didn't need to ask. They simply replied with a "Not ours."　</p>
    <p>In the end, Three Realms Six Paths typed out a sad face. Everyone saw it and immediately understood.They rejoiced in their hearts, but they put on a fake smile and consoled him: "Oh no, how could you be so careless?"</p>
    <p>How could Three Realms Six Paths not know how happy these guild leaders were, but he really needed to speak his mind right now. These competitors of his were quite good listeners too.</p>
    <p>After hearing Three Realms Six Path's tragic story, everyone naturally consoled him. Even though hadn't done it intentionally, with their impression of Ye Xiu, they weren't going to defend him. They could only look at him through an evil lens.</p>
    <p>"That guy definitely knew!"</p>
    <p>"Yeah, it was so obvious. How could he have not!"</p>
    <p>"What a terrible person!"</p>
    <p>"The scum among Gods!"</p>
    <p>"Everyone's got to be more careful!"</p>
    <p>As they chatted, the guild leaders ordered their monster raising team: "Be on high alert, especially against Lord Grim and anyone from Happy! Samsara too!"</p>
    <p>Don't look at how everyone seemed to sympathizing with Three Realms Six Paths. In reality, they treated him the same as Ye Xiu. They looked at him in the worst way possible too. Samsara's raised monster was gone. Would they try to steal someone else's? Everyone had thought of this issue.</p>
    <p>And at the same time, this exchange had let everyone realize that raising monsters wasn't something that they alone were doing. All of the guilds were doing the same. Then….. Where were they? If they could be stolen, they they had to try!</p>
    <p>As a result, in an instant, the spies and open accounts of the various guilds started moving.</p>
  </body>
</html>
