<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1427 - Countdown</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1427 - Countdown</h1>
    <p>Dazzling light engulfed the battlefield, but soon afterwards, a shadow flashed out.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim! Target, Bullet Rain.</p>
    <p>“A change in target?” Pan Lin asked.</p>
    <p>“No, it’s over,” Li Yibo could see it clearer.</p>
    <p>Under the intensive focus fire from the enemies, a character without a retreat path and a healer had no way to survive too long. Life and death was only a matter of seconds. Fan Rui’s Boundless Sea became the next player after Troubling Rain to depart from the battlefield. But Flowing Cloud was also on the verge of death. Ye Xiu didn’t bother with this final blow, instead rushing out into the yellow sand towards Bullet Rain.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain and Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar were long ranged. Stalling for time was much easier for them. Team Blue Rain clearly planned on taking advantage of this point. After Troubling Rain and Flowing Cloud fell, the two had no reason to continue fighting. With a turn, they went to convene with Song Xiao.</p>
    <p>But Ye Xiu’s pursuit was extremely fast. He had predicted ahead of time that the two would have an easier time running away once their close-ranged allies fell, so he chased after them before the time came.</p>
    <p>In the blink of an eye, a considerable distance between the two sides was erased. Zheng Xuan knew he had no chances of winning a footrace against Ye Xiu. His only choice was to kite. Bullet Rain fired a Flash Bullet, but Lord Grim responded with an open of his umbrella and dashed forward with a Charge. Neither his movement speed nor his eyesight was affected.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan wanted to cry. That bastard was too annoying. He always made people feel helpless.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom, Bullet Rain fired all sorts of bullets. At this point, conserving his mana was pointless. The final outcome would be decided here. Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was more of a close-ranged fighter. After Troubling Rain, Boundless Sea, and Flowing Cloud fell, he had the lowest amount of health.</p>
    <p>19%.</p>
    <p>Fuck, 20%!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim healed himself. With a blink, his health jumped to 20%.</p>
    <p>So fucking annoying!</p>
    <p>For someone like Zheng Xuan who had no fighting spirit, this was no better than torture.</p>
    <p>After Boundless Sea, Flowing Cloud finally fell at the hands of Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash. He and Su Mucheng did not immediately follow Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim. Dancing Rain instead fired at Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>In reality, Su Mucheng had paid particularly close attention to Yu Wenzhou. A Warlock’s set of skills such as Chaotic Rain, Death’s Door, Hexagram Prison, Binding Curse were all control skills that could bring about destruction to this delicate situation. Su Mucheng gave up on a few opportunities to deal damage so that she could keep Yu Wenzhou’s Swoksaar under control.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou played intelligently too. Even if he could not find opportunities to use these disruptive skills, he used his very existence to attract a considerable amount of attention from Happy. Were it not for the threat of a Warlock’s control skills, the pace of the battle would have gone much faster.</p>
    <p>Right now, Su Mucheng was entirely focused on Swoksaar. Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash also rushed towards him. In this 3v2, Happy no longer focused on a single target, instead splitting up.</p>
    <p>But there’s not enough time, is there?</p>
    <p>The long-ranged characters had started this battle with relatively more health than the close-ranged characters, and Song Xiao’s Receding Tides was nearly there. The broadcast even put down a countdown to his arrival.</p>
    <p>20 seconds!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain still had almost half their health left. It didn’t seem possible to kill them all in this amount of time. There were less players on both sides, so their overall damage output was lower than before.</p>
    <p>19, 18, 17…</p>
    <p>The countdown continued to tick. It no longer seemed possible to kill either of the two Blue Rain members at this point. What mattered now was how much health they would have left by the time Receding Tides arrived. If they only had a sliver of health, Happy could just ignore Receding Tides and finish off Bullet Rain and Swoksaar for the win.</p>
    <p>16, 15, 14…</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim finally caught up to Bullet Rain, dodging the two attacks towards him. He grabbed Bullet Rain with a Fling.</p>
    <p>Throw!</p>
    <p>The landing point was One Inch Ash’s double overlapping ghost boundaries.</p>
    <p>Weakened, Frozen, Bullet Rain received two negative status effects as soon as he landed. Soon afterwards, a third ghost boundary appeared, Blind!</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain was in trouble. Everyone could see it. The Happy fans cheered excitedly.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim dashed towards Bullet Rain. As he moved, his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella fired towards Yu Wenzhou, forming a pincer with Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>They were originally Best Partners with a spear and cannon combo, but their dual gun synergy was no worse. The attacks from both sides multiplied the pressure on Yu Wenzhou.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>Swoksaar was hit by Lord Grim’s Stun Bullet.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain completed a movement at just the right time. Electricity crackled into a ball and shot out. The X-1 Extruder sucked in Swoksaar towards One Inch Ash’s ghost boundary.</p>
    <p>10, 9, 8, 7…</p>
    <p>Only ten second were left. Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash was struggling to keep Bullet Rain locked into the formation. Fortunately, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim arrived just in time to give him a helping hand.</p>
    <p>6, 5, 4, 3…</p>
    <p>Song Xiao’s Receding Tides could already be seen, his figure getting closer and closer.</p>
    <p>There was no need to count down to zero! Receding Tides was a Qi Master, and Qi Masters didn’t need to get close to attack.</p>
    <p>Sky Piercing Strike!</p>
    <p>Receding Tides sent out an attack. Rippling qi fired from his two palms, lifting up yellow sand into the air. Like a yellow dragon, it crashed into the battlefield.</p>
    <p>The characters in Happy within its attack range hastily moved aside, but at this moment, Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash burst apart his ghost boundaries.</p>
    <p>Ghost Feast!</p>
    <p>The power of the ghost gods were like demonic shadows. Along with the yellow sand scattered by the Sky Piercing Strike and the desolate atmosphere of the ancient ruins, a sense of eeriness could be felt.</p>
    <p>Ghost Feast dealt enormous damage, but because of the limited amount of time Qiao Yifan had, there weren’t a lot of ghost boundaries placed down yet. Song Xiao’s Receding Tides invaded like a storm. At full health, he didn’t care about what damage he took. He could quickly break open the situation through force. As a result, Qiao Yifan’ didn’t dare delay and immediately used the skill while he still had the chance.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain started aiming at Receding Tides, but Song Xiao ignored the damage and continued his charge forward. His character leaped into the air, Landmine Quake! Another AoE rumbled over.</p>
    <p>Yellow sand rose again.</p>
    <p>Void Sand Sea had no wind, but the skills from the characters lifted up the sand like a strong storm. Everything always seemed to be wrapped up in sand.</p>
    <p>Kill!</p>
    <p>Happy did not choose to retreat. They surrounded Swoksaar and Bullet Rain and attacked ferociously. The Landmine Quake knocked Lord Grim into the air, but with a Quick Recover, Lord Grim immediately got up and continued attacking.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s health: 6%!</p>
    <p>The hearts of Happy’s fans tightened.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim was extremely important. The stickiness of melee characters were a characteristic that long-ranged classes could not replace. Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash was a Phantom Demon and didn’t count as a true melee class. If Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim fell, Blue Rain would have three mid- to long-ranged classes. Blue Rain could just pull apart, and Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan would have a difficult time grabbing onto them.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain understood this point. Whenever they had a chance, they would focus on Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>6% health. A single combo from any of them would be enough to send him off!</p>
    <p>Spiral Qi Kill!</p>
    <p>Claw of Darkness!</p>
    <p>Electric Grenade!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s three players launched attacks towards Lord Grim from three angles.</p>
    <p>But…</p>
    <p>All of them missed!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was like a demon. He switched between several movement skills, switching directions three times within a small gap. All three skills hit nothing but air. Then, he turned around and counterattacked!</p>
    <p>Everyone in the stadium went crazy.</p>
    <p>What was a God? What was a core player? This was the embodiment of one!</p>
    <p>Had there been an opening in Blue Rain’s attacks? There didn’t seem to be one, but through extraordinary intuition and control, he dodged a series of attacks that shouldn’t be able to be dodged.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou and Zheng Xuan wanted to pull away, but Lord Grim was right besides them. They had no way of escaping.</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash’s ghost boundary fell again.</p>
    <p>Not only did their attacks fail to land on Lord Grim, they gave One Inch Ash an opportunity to cast a ghost boundary.</p>
    <p>This was the value behind a top player. The openings that they could create weren’t ones just anyone could achieve.</p>
    <p>Ghost fire blazed inside the Flame Boundary as if trying to refine Swoksaar and Bullet Rain. Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain provided assistance with her artillery fire.</p>
    <p>Song Xiao was in a difficult situation. He was the healthy general leading the charge, yet he still hadn’t broken open the situation. He was also extremely nervous.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was key.</p>
    <p>Only 6% health left!</p>
    <p>A Flash Burst or a Qigong Blast was enough. Focusing on a single target was to prevent any mistakes. However, their attempt to prevent mistakes backfired. Lord Grim slipped out, and Happy was able to latch onto Blue Rain’s two long-ranged classes.</p>
    <p>Flash Burst!</p>
    <p>Song Xiao didn’t think too much. Even if he couldn’t kill Lord Grim, he had to at least force him away! That would give his two allies some space to maneuver.</p>
    <p>Receding Tides threw everything aside and stepped into One Inch Ash’s Flame Boundary. He took the damage from ghost fire and fired an attack at Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim dodged to the side. Yu Wenzhou and Zheng Xuan seized this opportunity and pulled apart, one to the left, the other to the right. But Lord Grim waved his sleeves.</p>
    <p>Shadow Cloak!</p>
    <p>Swoksaar and Bullet Rain were suddenly grabbed back.</p>
    <p>However, Qi Burst!</p>
    <p>Receding Tides followed up with another attack, seizing the opening that appeared when Lord Grim used his skill.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s health instantly turned to zero, but then, a Satellite Beam descended.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim’s final move had bound Swoksaar and Bullet Rain together. This Satellite Beam had hit both characters.</p>
    <p>Is it over?</p>
    <p>Amidst the shining light, the health on both characters rapidly fell, stopping at single digit percentages. Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash sent out several slashes, successfully killing Swoksaar. Although he wasn’t able to take down Receding Tides, at this point, victory was already there’s.</p>
    <p>With the little health Zheng Xuan’s Bullet Rain had left, Happy’s remaining two characters ignored Song Xiao and finished him off. No matter how much damage they took, they didn’t care. Song Xiao could be completely disregarded. It didn’t matter how perfect of a condition Receding Tides was in…</p>
  </body>
</html>
