<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 193 – Idiot’s Guide</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 193 – Idiot’s Guide</h1>
    <p>To outsiders, Ye Xiu was still just as carefree as ever. Even after staying up all night, he never looked tired and nothing ever seemed to irritate him.</p>
    <p>To outsiders, they couldn’t tell that he was someone who had encountered difficulties. Even more so, they definitely wouldn’t know whether he had already figured out a solution to this problem.</p>
    <p>He made it look like nothing had happened.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou didn’t know that Ye Xiu was pondering deeply over this. All she knew was that it was her turn to buy breakfast.</p>
    <p>When she returned with breakfast, Ye Xiu had already given his seat to the early-shift employees and was leisurely holding a cigarette in his mouth, waiting for his food to arrive.</p>
    <p>After eating breakfast, the two went to their respective rooms to sleep.</p>
    <p>At three in the afternoon, they woke up. One went to the front desk to work while the other went looking for an empty computer station to sit at.</p>
    <p>Since it was a Saturday, the Internet Cafe’s business was doing exceptionally well. There were, unexpectedly, no open seats in the smoking area. Ye Xiu circled around the Internet Cafe, and in the end, just stood there staring blankly into space for a long time.</p>
    <p>“Business is doing well today……” Ye Xiu helplessly returned to the front desk and told his sorrows to Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“As an Internet Cafe employee, you should be happy about that.” Boss Chen walked over.</p>
    <p>“Business is doing well today. I’m very happy.” Ye Xiu said with a blank face.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo had trained herself. Her ability to restrain herself had gone up. If this had happened a few weeks before, she’d already be shouting and grinding her teeth.</p>
    <p>“What are you doing?” Ye Xiu asked Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>“I’m looking at guides.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“Aren’t you always looking at guides?” Ye Xiu asked, while taking a glance at her screen.</p>
    <p>“Oh? A dungeon guide?” Ye Xiu was surprised. Tang Rou practically never looked at these. The way they ran the dungeons were usually directed by Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Yeah…… I’m just skimming over it.” Tang Rou said. Ye Xiu looked more carefully. This girl was currently looking at the introductions to Line Canyon’s three hidden BOSSes as well as the wild BOSS. Clearly, after getting badly beaten by the Illusion Swordmaster yesterday, Tang Rou realized that facing a never-before-seen BOSS was troublesome for her.</p>
    <p>“Okay. Looking at the BOSSes is fine, but don’t look at anything else.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Hm?”</p>
    <p>“Our play style is very different from what is written in the guides.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why is it different?” Chen Guo entered the discussion.</p>
    <p>“All DPS, no MT, no healer.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>An all DPS team was a very common matter for Ye Xiu and his squad, but to normal players, especially in the new server, this was something that was rarely seen. Even for the big guilds, when they formed an all DPS team, they often needed experts to substitute for them.</p>
    <p>An all DPS team relied on the players’ mechanical skill. Without strong mechanics, a guide wouldn’t help.</p>
    <p>“Boss, what level are you on for the whack-a-mole game?” Ye Xiu suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>“I only play it for fun. At my age, what’s the point in practicing?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“You could at least improve a bit! If not, then when we get to the Heavenly Domain and look to party up with you, you’ll only be dead weight!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“……” Chen Guo was speechless. Besides killing him, she had no other thoughts.</p>
    <p>“Oh? Who wrote this guide?” Ye Xiu’s attention suddenly snapped back to Tang Rou’s screen. Tang Rou’s newly opened guide was a guide for the Line Canyon hidden BOSS Sandworm.</p>
    <p>“Who wrote it?” Tang Rou wasn’t sure. She went to the top of the page and saw the name of the poster: Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>“Do you recognize him?” Tang Rou turned her head to ask Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu shook his head. He didn’t recognize the ID.</p>
    <p>“What’s so special about this guide?” Chen Guo had also been drawn in and pressed near to look.</p>
    <p>“The guide’s very detailed.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?”</p>
    <p>“He’s included the probability of every possible scenario. The process is very detailed. He’s written down every single detail on how to kill the BOSS.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“No wonder it’s so long…..” Tang Rou said. This guide was several pages long. When she opened it, she jumped up with fright. She hadn’t even looked at the content yet!</p>
    <p>“Woah, you’re right…….” Chen Guo looked at it and then immediately discovered that this guide chose five classes, instructed what equipment to use, how to initiate, what moves to use in specific places…….</p>
    <p>“It’s practically a video.” Chen Guo thought aloud as she looked.</p>
    <p>The three read the entire seven pages, which was probably around twenty thousand words long.</p>
    <p>4 minutes 56 seconds.</p>
    <p>After thoroughly scouring through the guide, the author had even informed the reader how much time it would take to kill the BOSS, down to the second.</p>
    <p>“Is this for real?” Chen Guo didn’t want to believe it. In actuality, she had already begun feeling dizzy after the first page. After that, she stopped reading carefully.</p>
    <p>“Not a single mistake…….” Ye Xiu said on the side.</p>
    <p>“This……. if it doesn’t allow for any deviation, then doesn’t that mean it doesn’t allow for any mistakes? If there’s a mistake, won’t it all be over?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“That’s right.” Ye Xiu nodded his head, “But if this were for setting the record, there can’t be any mistakes anyways.”</p>
    <p>“Are you saying that his strategy is very good for setting a record?”</p>
    <p>“That’s not true…… His strategy is very safe, but it isn’t very efficient. However, this might only be because he’s researching a hidden BOSS. For a hidden BOSS, safety is number one. Who cares about efficiency?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“That’s true.” Chen Guo nodded her head.</p>
    <p>“This person has other guides too.” Tang Rou saw the other guides from the author.</p>
    <p>Here, Ye Xiu saw the name that the author gave to his guides: Idiot Series.</p>
    <p>“It really is an idiot’s guide……” Ye Xiu said. This step by step guide, which provided instructions for everything, down to the small details, didn’t need the people using the guide to use their brain in any way. If they followed the steps, then they’d succeed.</p>
    <p>“But it looks like the rating isn’t too good!” Tang Rou looked at the rating and comments.</p>
    <p>“It’s probably because of the problem the boss talked about.” Ye Xiu guessed.</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Tang Rou nodded her head.</p>
    <p>The comments were mostly mocking him. Just as expected, they were talking about Chen Guo’s problem: No one could ensure that they would be able to follow this type of extremely detailed step by step guide from beginning to end. As a result, everyone saw it as a fraud, as a theory. Since this wasn’t the author’s first guide, below there were comments such as “Another fake.” “Another fantasy fiction.” Practically no one supported the author.</p>
    <p>“The guide isn’t wrong…… but the limitations are a bit too much.” Ye Xiu sighed.</p>
    <p>“Should we look at his other guides?” Tang Rou moved her mouse around, stopping on different links. Every move stopped on a desired spot. This sister was actually practicing her mechanics even here.</p>
    <p>“Let’s look at one!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou opened up another one. This guide was on the other hidden BOSS in Line Canyon, the Scarlet Scorpion Assassin, Sting. The style was the same. From the very begining, the guide chose what classes to use, how to initiate, from beginning to end for several pages.</p>
    <p>“Oh? He changed classes?” Ye Xiu was curious. Compared to the previous guide, four of the five classes were different. It was a completely different party set-up. To be able to do such a detailed guide, Ye Xiu had thought that the author had a set five-player team.</p>
    <p>When Tang Rou heard Ye Xiu’s surprise, she opened up another guide. At the very start, he chose another completely different team set-up. This guide was for a different hidden BOSS in Desolate Land.</p>
    <p>“When were these guides made?” Ye Xiu suddenly asked.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou looked at the post time and found that they were all made recently.</p>
    <p>“Could he be a player from the new server?’ Ye Xiu felt unsure.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou clicked on the author’s name. While taking a looking at his list of works, the Idiot Series, the guides stopped at Line Canyon. This really was the current tenth server pace.</p>
    <p>“Log into the game and search for him.” Ye Xiu proposed.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou logged into the game. After Soft Mist went online, she looked up the name.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light, Male, Level 32, Summoner.</p>
    <p>“He really is from the new server.” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“But new server doesn’t mean new player, no?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“If he’s not a new player, why would he put so much effort into researching these low-leveled BOSSes?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Uh…..” Chen Guo thought, but couldn’t come up with anything.</p>
    <p>“Look at this!” Tang Rou suddenly said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu looked.</p>
    <p>The title: The Mystery of the Boneyard 16 Minutes and 24 Second Record!</p>
    <p>This record was the one Ye Xiu and his team had set in the tenth server. Hung high up on the leaderboards, the team set-up could be seen.</p>
    <p>Battle Mage, Blade Master, Brawler, Launcher, Unspecialized.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light had analyzed from these five classes how this record had been made.</p>
    <p>From the beginning, he had already analyzed that it couldn’t be done with the usual strategy and that it had to be done by a new strategy.</p>
    <p>Then what was this new strategy?</p>
    <p>Concealed Light’s analysis wasn’t completely correct, but he was very close.</p>
    <p>There was one point that he was wrong about though. Concealed Light clearly didn’t know of Lord Grim’s Thousand Chance Umbrella, so his analysis of the unspecialized character’s role was completely off.</p>
    <p>In the end, with the strategy he had designed, he wasn’t able to create the 16 minutes and 24 second record. As a result, he gave Lord Grim and the five characters a set of Orange equipment and confidently said that this was how they did it……</p>
    <p>It wasn’t that Concealed Light didn’t know how difficult it was to obtain Orange equipment in the new server at Level 25, but rather, it was that this brother was extremely confident in his analysis and strategy, so by working backwards…… he believed that, although having these five sets of equipment was ridiculous, it wasn’t impossible. But without these equipment, it definitely wasn’t possible to create such a record. As a result, he made such a claim.</p>
    <p>The comments below weren’t hard to imagine. They were all practically saying how there was something wrong with the author’s brain.</p>
    <p>Towards these comments, Ye Xiu and Tang Rou expressed their approval.</p>
  </body>
</html>
