<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 602 – There’s Always Something That’ll Work</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 602 – There’s Always Something That’ll Work</h1>
    <p>Ye Xiu’s lingering words sounded solemn and stirring. Even Tang Rou, who was diagonal from him, heard his words and felt moved. Chen Guo didn’t need to be mentioned. Her fragile heart had already shattered to pieces. She didn’t know what to say. Chen Guo hated how she couldn’t take out her heart and sell it to achieve her dream.</p>
    <p>In the game, Little Cold Hands was clearly touched as well, except he was also clearly an extremely calm and rational person. He didn’t completely give in like Chen Guo. After a moment of silence, he continued: “This sort of future can also be won by performing well in the official Pro League as well, right?”</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands completely ignored the huge risk Ye Xiu would be taking in the Challenger League. He continued to be ice-cold, making Chen Guo want to interrupt and curse him, but Ye Xiu calmly answered: “Correct. However, there’s another issue. I can see that you’re someone who is very clear-headed. You should have a good understanding of your own skill level. Do you think your skill is actually good enough to perform well in the pro scene?”</p>
    <p>“Probably not.” Little Cold Hands said, “But at least I have potential. If not, why would you come looking for me?”</p>
    <p>“Right, but your potential can be found anywhere in the training camps of the pro teams. We looked for you because our resources are limited. On the other hand, your situation happens to work out for our team. You’re still far from the pro level and need training. Directly throwing you into the Pro League would be the same as throwing an elementary school student into university. Do you think you would be able to grow in that environment? In comparison, the Challenger League would also be quite good. It continuously eliminates weaker team, allowing for a slow and steady increase in difficulty, which can be used to accumulate experience and raise your skill level progressively. It fits you too perfectly.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Okay, from what you’re saying, this is a really rare opportunity for me.” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Seeing as to how you have such a detailed understanding of the pro scene, it looks like you’re quite interested in becoming a pro player.” Ye XIu said.</p>
    <p>“Of course. I would think most players in Glory share this dream.” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Now you have the opportunity to make that dream a reality.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“However, after having my potential recognized by a God, I’m quite eager to try and register for Tyranny’s training camp.” Little Cold Hands countered.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha, if you really plan on doing that, I wouldn’t suggest Tyranny. Tyranny’s Zhang Xinjie is too important to the team. His position on the team far surpasses that of just a Cleric. Until he retires, even if your Cleric skills are even more outstanding than Zhang Xinjie’s, you still wouldn’t be able to replace him as the team’s Cleric. In addition, for a God-level Cleric character like Immovable Rock, Tyranny has definitely made sufficient preparations for its next successor once Zhang Xinjie retires. If you really go to Tyranny, your competition will far surpass your imagination because your competitors won’t just be you. Also, because of the importance of Zhang Xinjie in Tyranny, the team won’t have much space for a Cleric to grow. Rookie Clerics in Tyranny have difficulty gaining experience in matches. Currently, Tyranny doesn’t have any rookie Clerics in training. My guess is that Tyranny will look for a transfer from another team as Immovable Rock’s successor once Zhang Xinjie retires. Your competitors will be seasoned pro players, possibly other Gods. Student, are you ready for such an undertaking?” Ye Xiu explained.</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands was silent for a moment before answering: “Then from your perspective, which team would fit me?”</p>
    <p>“Without a doubt, it would be my team. Didn’t I just say that?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What will your team be called?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“Happy……” Ye Xiu replied and then turned his head to ask Chen Guo: “Right? Or are you planning on changing it?”</p>
    <p>“Probably not?” Chen Guo also asked.</p>
    <p>“You don’t even know the name of your own team?” Little Cold Hands was somewhat speechless, “Would it hurt to sound a little bit more reliable?” </p>
    <p>“We emphasize practicality. Something like a name is like a fleeting cloud. It doesn’t matter what it is. The name could even be Fleeting Clouds.”</p>
    <p>“Don’t joke around!” Chen Guo angered. She cared a lot about the name. Even though Happy didn’t sound as powerful as Tyranny, it gave a lot of other emotions to her. She could accept a name change, but something like “Fleeting Clouds” wasn’t something she couldn’t accept.</p>
    <p>“Boss, Team Fleeting Clouds actually sounds a lot better than Team Happy. Happy…… it sounds like some small grocery store or Internet Cafe on the side of the street.” </p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha, you’re right!” Ye Xiu was about to die from laughter.   </p>
    <p>“Really?” Little Cold Hands thought Ye XIu was talking about Team Fleeting Clouds sounding better than Team Happy, but Ye Xiu’s nonstop laughter was making him somewhat confused.</p>
    <p>“Do what you want!”</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands heard the boss humph.</p>
    <p>“We can talk about the name later! Do you have any other doubts? If you don’t have any, you can start considering it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If I don’t have to pay any fees or make any cash deposits, I think I can accept the offer. How about we talk about the contract now?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“What requirements would you have for the contract?” Ye Xiu asked. </p>
    <p>“Seeing your dire circumstances and my current skill level, I don’t really have any qualifications to talk about any conditions, do I?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“Correct. You think of yourself as too much of a treasure. If you have too many conditions, I’ll just have to continue picking up grass.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“But if you keep on going back and forth looking for recruits like this, wouldn’t it waste too much of your time?” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Without a reliable team to count on, there isn’t really much else to do.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“How many players have you found for your team so far?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“Including you, we should have around four.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“The other two?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“One of them is a Warlock. For now, you won’t be able to get in touch with him. The other one is a Battle Mage, who’s currently in the tenth server.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“What about Mu Mu? Doesn’t she count?” Chen Guo heard Ye Xiu talk about Wei Chen and Tang Rou and hastily asked.</p>
    <p>“She can’t for the Challenger League!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Mu Mu? Su Mucheng?” Little Cold Hands listened.</p>
    <p>“If we can smoothly enter the Pro League, she’ll be be a part of our team.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh oh, I finally hear a reliable piece of information from you.” Little Cold Hands sighed.</p>
    <p>“What about that Steamed Bun?” Chen Guo asked again.</p>
    <p>“I haven’t talked about it with Steamed Bun yet. Who knows what he’s thinking.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun can think?” Chen Guo had managed the guild in the tenth server before, so she had interacted with Steamed Bun Invasion several times already.</p>
    <p>“He’s not a real steamed bun! He’s an actual person too!” Ye Xiu defended him.</p>
    <p>“Isn’t it about time you mentioned it to him?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Have I talked about it with him before? I forget……” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>(“Isn’t it more like the author forgot?” Chen Guo said.</p>
    <p>“Most likely. That useless trash. I hate him!” Ye Xiu nodded his head.)</p>
    <p>‘Then should I go talk to him about it?” Chen Guo said. (Author note: this “him” is referring to Steamed Bun Invasion. Please skip over the part in parentheses……)</p>
    <p>“Did you forget that we’re in the middle of a conversation with a certain someone?” Ye Xiu reminded Chen Guo. Steamed Bun Invasion was an entirely different matter.</p>
    <p>“Ahem!” Little Cold Hands coughed.</p>
    <p>Chen Guo felt so ashamed that she wanted to die.  </p>
    <p>“Okay, Little Hands, I’ll be direct. You tell me what your requirements are for the contract and then give us some time to think about it!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“The Challenger League will test the quality of the team and the quality of the individual team members too. You wouldn’t dare to be certain that the players you’ve gathered are enough to form a pro team, right? After smoothly passing through the Challenger League, what if some of the team members don’t perform well enough. Would you kick them out after entering the Pro League?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“Your attitude decides everything. If your attitude doesn’t prove to be a problem, you’ll be good enough and you’ll perform well.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So you’re saying you won’t deny such a possibility!” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Of course. Nothing is set in stone yet.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then what happens if another team is interested in me, would the team allow me to leave?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“So you were concerned about this. Ha ha, if you really do rise to become an amazing talent, even if we wanted to, we wouldn’t be able to stop you! If you’ve been paying attention to the pro scene, then you should know that teams don’t usually force players to stay if they aren’t willing to stay. That wouldn’t be a win-win situation. If something like that happened, both sides would need to negotiate until both sides are satisfied with the results. Is that satisfactory answer?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then what will the specifics of the contract look like?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“Since we’re unreliable, we obviously haven’t even started writing up contracts yet, but if you go online and do a search, you should be able to find similar contracts prepared by other teams. You can use those as references.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You’re saying that I have to prepare the contract myself?” Little Cold Hands asked.</p>
    <p>“That isn’t impossible.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“If I wanted to back out right now, can I?” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“You’re joking :)” Ye Xiu sent a smiley face.</p>
    <p>“Fine, but I still need to confirm that you’re Ye Qiu.” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Would it be good enough if I went on Lord Grim and sent you a message?” Ye Xiu asked. </p>
    <p>“There isn’t any proof that Lord Grim is Ye Qiu.” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
    <p>“Go ask your guild leader.” Ye Xiu said. </p>
    <p>“......”  </p>
    <p>“Or I can give you old Han’s or Zhang’s phone number and you can ask them yourself?”</p>
    <p>“.......”</p>
    <p>“Oh my! I don’t think I have their phone numbers. I can give your their QQ’s?”</p>
    <p>“......”</p>
    <p>“Or you can video chat with Su Mucheng.”</p>
    <p>“......”</p>
    <p>“Or I could go look for Huang Shaotian and have you experience how talkative he really is?”</p>
    <p>“......”</p>
    <p>“There has to be a method you can accept, right? You can choose any of them.” Ye Xiu said.   </p>
    <p>“It’s fine. I believe you……” Little Cold Hands said.</p>
  </body>
</html>
