<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 212 – Doing Their Own Thing</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 212 – Doing Their Own Thing</h1>
    <p>“Why’d you stop talking? Why’d you stop talking?” In places with Huang Shaotian, there was no such thing as silence.</p>
    <p>“Later!” Ye Xiu could only respond. He still needed some more time to think about it. He had only mulled over it for a bit before Huang Shaotian interrupted him.</p>
    <p>“Forming a team and what not sounds a bit like a fantasy in your current situation, but you can still prepare for it. Dig out a couple more new players and you’ll definitely be able to put one together. If you just take that Steamed Bun, from the looks of it, he seems very easy to persuade. If you tell him there’ll be steamed buns to eat, he’ll definitely come and follow you. Up the mountain and into the frying pan……” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“There’s someone up ahead.” Ye Xiu suddenly said to everyone loudly, interrupting Huang Shaotian’s chatter. The two were at the very head of team with their voices lowered, so the people behind them couldn’t hear what they were talking about.</p>
    <p>“It’s just a person. There’s no need to make such a fuss about them.” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“There shouldn’t be anyone here.” Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim looked around. There was nowhere to hide. Even though they were far away enough that they couldn’t see each other’s IDs clearly, if the player ahead was from the big guilds, they’d be seen as very suspicious.</p>
    <p>“Not true! People come here from time to time.” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?” Ye Xiu was surprised.</p>
    <p>“In Congee City’s chain quest “The Coming of Weiss”, the seventh part requires you to look for an abandoned windmill at the edge of Line Canyon. It then requires you to go to Congee Forest to compare the wood grains. If someone came here to finish this part of the quest, then it’s possible that he’s heading towards Congee Forest from the abandoned windmill.” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was astonished. His nickname as the Glory Encyclopedia didn’t cover quests.</p>
    <p>The Coming of Weiss. Ye Xiu might have done this quest ten years ago, but right now, he really had no memory of it. This quest definitely didn’t reward any skill points or good equipment, which would be why he had forgotten about it after all these years.</p>
    <p>“What’s that?” Steamed Bun Invasion asked everyone. Presently there were four pro-players, two of which were God-level players, but none of them had even the slightest clue about this quest.</p>
    <p>This Concealed Light truly did have incredible knowledge of the game. He even remembered a random quest like this and explained it to everyone.</p>
    <p>But who cared! Only Steamed Bun Invasion replied with “Yeah yeah yeah” to make it so that Concealed Light wouldn’t lose interest in explaining the quest to everyone.</p>
    <p>With Concealed Light’s reminder, they didn’t avoid the passerby. There was nowhere to run anyways.</p>
    <p>“This person might reveal our whereabouts. If the pursuers meet him, they’ll definitely ask him if he’s seen us.” Huang Shaotian showed his careful side.</p>
    <p>“By the time they ask for our whereabouts, we’d have already left.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“But by knowing where we are now, they can figure out where we’re heading towards!” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“Our destinations will be revealed sooner or later.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh?”</p>
    <p>“We’ll be going on TV.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You remind me of something……. You guys are going to Line Canyon, so why am I following you guys?” Huang Shaotian jumped up.</p>
    <p>“No idea.”</p>
    <p>“F*ck f*ck f*ck f*ck! I’ll be going online tomorrow night! When the time comes, I’ll be seeing you at the Arena. I’ll be using my Troubling Rain to teach your unspecialized a lesson.” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“Maybe if there’s time.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“F*ck! You have time to run dungeons, but you don’t have time to fight me?”</p>
    <p>“I’m sure you can see that I’m very busy right now……” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then when you have time contact me, PK! We have to PK!” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
    <p>“You guys can play! I’ll be getting off.” Huang Shaotian waved goodbye to everyone and then logged off.</p>
    <p>The team continued forward just a few steps, then there was a sudden flash and Flowing Tree ran back to them.</p>
    <p>“What are you doing?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I almost forgot. This Broadsword I have is someone else’s. I said I’d return it, so send me back to the city.” Huang Shaotian said.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn’t say anything more and sent out a bunch of attacks, killing Flowing Tree. Before he died, Huang Shaotian said a “Bye” and then flew back to the city to revive.</p>
    <p>“Concealed Light! We’re going to go set a record at Line Canyon in a bit. What are you going to do?” Concealed Light’s skill level clearly wasn’t good enough for setting records. Ye Xiu trusted that Concealed Light understood that his skills were too poor. Fixing it wasn’t something Ye Xiu could do with just a few words.</p>
    <p>“Oh oh……. setting records! Then I’ll go research how to get the fastest record for this dungeon!” Concealed Light said.</p>
    <p>“Good luck. This time, your guide will definitely have many players reading it.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Thanks, I’ll be going then.” Concealed Light logged off.</p>
    <p>“Line Canyon, let’s go.” The five remaining players continued towards Line Canyon. Line Canyon still wasn’t the main leveling area yet, so there weren’t many players here.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu led the four other players to the dungeon entrance, avoiding the sparsely scattered players. The dungeon entrance was a bit more crowded. There were players, all looking for parties to join. These random teams clearly weren’t from the big guilds. The players were all in a crowd with word bubbles flying around, making it even harder for them to be discovered.</p>
    <p>And like this, the five players entered the dungeon. As for the big guilds, their pursuers were heading towards Congee Forest from different directions. Some were from Desolate Land and Hades Village, some were defeated by Tang Rou at Congee City some were elites from random areas, and some were unable to be categorized. There were also the 32 avengers, who had revived. Right now, they were all gathered together and surrounding the entire forest.</p>
    <p>32 players wiped out?</p>
    <p>The big guilds already knew about this. If a random passerby heard this, he’d be scared to death. Even by knowing why it had happened, the big guilds weren’t any happier.</p>
    <p>The battle strength of Lord Grim’s team was clearly much greater than they had anticipated.</p>
    <p>The Battle Mage Soft Mist charged her way through the encirclement around Congee City.</p>
    <p>The Blade Master Flowing Tree wasn’t at a disadvantage when fighting Level 33 players as a Level 27. He could even 1v3 or 1v4.</p>
    <p>These two were the focal points. The 32 player troop described in great detail how strong and difficult Flowing Tree was. The guards outside of the city also continuously stressed how terrifying Soft Mist was. The two sides seemed to have turned into Flowing Tree and Soft Mist fans, even disputing which one was stronger.</p>
    <p>“Flowing Tree is only Level 27! Level 27!”</p>
    <p>“How many players were standing guard outside of Congee City? I could give you a Level 40 character and you still wouldn’t dare go!”</p>
    <p>These two troops came out of Congee City together and as a result, they argued the entire journey.</p>
    <p>Outside of Congee Forest, players amassed from seven different guilds. There were three guild leaders present: Cold Night, Lonely Drink, and Chen Yehui.</p>
    <p>The other four guild leaders were currently dungeoning and power leveling. Ye Xiu’s guess wasn’t wrong in the slightest. The big guilds left their most elite teams to continue power-leveling. The guild leaders were more than happy to play their part as a member of their guild’s most elite team.</p>
    <p>As for these three?</p>
    <p>Cold Night was a Knight. As a Tank class, he wasn’t a part of the five-player dungeon record team for now, so he didn’t need to worry about power leveling.</p>
    <p>Lonely Drink had been shamed the most as he was one of the 32 players who was wiped out. His corpse had even been kicked by Steamed Bun Invasion. At this moment, he brought with him newfound hatred and intent on being involved in this operation.</p>
    <p>As for Chen Yehui, he was the original organizer. His purpose was much more complicated than what he had told everyone else.</p>
    <p>Impeding on Lord Grim’s team’s leveling and furthering the level advantage to maintain their power as holders of dungeon records was what Chen Yehui had said to the other guilds. The other guilds had gathered together for very reason.</p>
    <p>But Chen Yehui held yet another hidden intention. He hadn’t said it to anyone and also couldn’t say it to anyone.</p>
    <p>While the big guilds were slowing down Lord Grim, weren’t they also slowing down their own development? As for his Excellent Dynasty, they had invested much more and had much more manpower than any other guild in the tenth server. And even so, they had sent in the least amount of troops.</p>
  </body>
</html>
