<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1477 -  Unable to Break Through</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1477 -  Unable to Break Through</h1>
    <p>"Blue Rain's situation isn't looking good!" Li Yibo may not be as observant as Xu Jingxi, but if he dared to make such a conclusion, he must be quite confident in it. When the situation was ambiguous, Li Yibo would never say anything definitive.</p>
    <p>Pan Lin didn't follow up on the conversation.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain's situation isn't looking good? He could somewhat see it, but where should he begin?</p>
    <p>How Happy was playing chaotically?　　</p>
    <p>But when you looked at them now, the team was coordinating with each other beautifully. Happy's characters were scattered throughout the battlefield, yet they were all interlinked, making it seem like they were a whole.　　</p>
    <p>As for Blue Rain?</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou was being suppressed by Ye Xiu. Xu Jingxi was being beaten up by Steamed Bun. Huang Shaotian was being suppressed by Su Mucheng's cannonfire. And Zheng Xuan? Huang Shaotian and Xu Jingxi both needed his support, but Fang Rui's Boundless Sea was blocking his way. Zheng Xuan had no easy way to help either player.　　</p>
    <p>The only person on Blue Rain with the initiative was Lu Hanwen.</p>
    <p>He had constantly been paying attention to the changes in the battlefield. He had thought that Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan would quickly turn the tides in their favor, but to his surprise, both of them were stopped.</p>
    <p>If this continued, even if he killed Little Cold Hands, Ye Xiu would probably have killed off Yu Wenzhou by then, and Steamed Bun Invasion should have no trouble taking down Soul Speaker too.</p>
    <p>What should I do?</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen had kept on reminding himself not to hesitate and to quickly come to a decision, but at this moment, he just didn't know what he should do. 　</p>
    <p>If he couldn't even find the right direction, hesitation wasn't something that he would come across.</p>
    <p>Perhaps believing that my seniors would be able to resolve the problem might be a better choice than making a proactive play? Lu Hanwen suddenly thought to himself. In that case, his best choice of action should be to kill Happy's healer, Little Cold Hands, as fast as possible.</p>
    <p>With this in mind, Lu Hanwen made his decision and focused on attacking Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian, Zheng Xuan.</p>
    <p>In the end, these two were the only ones who could break open the situation.　　</p>
    <p>Shadow Steps!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian saw an opportunity and used Shadow Steps.　</p>
    <p>He didn't produce a lot of shadows, just five.</p>
    <p>However, a smaller number of shadows allowed Huang Shaotian to control them more precisely. If the enemy couldn't tell which one was real or fake, then the enemy could only gamble on a 20% chance.</p>
    <p>Artillery fire focused towards one of the five Troubling Rains. For Dancing Rain's attacks to arrive so fast, it could be seen how decisive Su Mucheng was.</p>
    <p>Was it because she couldn't determine which one was real, so she might as well use that time to make a wild guess?</p>
    <p>The viewers watching at home held these thoughts.</p>
    <p>But the live audience? They had Huang Shaotian's point of view on the big screen, and his point of view would be from the real body. As soon as Shadow Steps came out, everyone wanted to know which one was real, so they all looked at Huang Shaotian's point of view to determine it.</p>
    <p>Seeing the artillery fire come, all of Blue Rain's fans let out a gasp of surprise.　　</p>
    <p>Whether Su Mucheng had guessed or not, in the end, her attacks were aimed accurately at the real Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>But Huang Shaotian seemed to have anticipated this would happen. Troubling Rain suddenly switched up the tempo.　　</p>
    <p>He responded predictably, which allowed Troubling Rain to escape from Dancing Rain's pursuit. In the public chat, Huang Shaotian left a smiley face.</p>
    <p>"Shadow Steps was a bait!" Seeing Huang Shaotian's smiley face, Li Yibo realized the problem.</p>
    <p>"In the wind, there's actually a pretty clear difference between the real and fake bodies." Li Yibo gestured toward the display, which showed Troubling Rain's still-moving bodies. In this kind of gale, the real and false images of Shadow Steps were indeed in vain.</p>
    <p>"Huang Shaotian wanted Su Mucheng to figure out the real one. By doing so, he knew how Su Mucheng would respond, and he used that knowledge to react in a way that would make it difficult for Su Mucheng to give chase!" Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"Exactly," Li Yibo nodded his head.</p>
    <p>As for seizing the right opportunity... for the king of opportunists, this wasn't a problem that needed to be worried about. He had grasped it perfectly. While Su Mucheng was unable to do anything, Troubling Rain immediately cut towards Steamed Bun Invasion. Suddenly, six pillars of light descended from the sky and formed a prison.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain was trapped by Hexagram Prison.</p>
    <p>Everyone was shocked. Blue Rain's fans felt their hearts shatter.</p>
    <p>Hexagram Prison was a Warlock skill. Besides Swoksaar, only Lord Grim could use this skill by attaching it to one of his weapon forms...</p>
    <p>The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella could transform into a ninjato and dual blades, two Night Walker class weapons. As a result, he could add on two Night Walker skills.</p>
    <p>In the group arena, he had used a Thief skill, Shadow Trap. And now, he had used a Warlock skill, Hexagram Prison...These two Night Walker skills were put into great effect at extremely crucial moments. The addition of these two skills to his kit were worth their weight in gold.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's Hexagram Prison was only level one, so it would only last four seconds. However, in the current tense situation, these four seconds seemed to last forever. Dancing Rain's artillery fire swept his way. Huang Shaotian turned his head resentfully as his view was instantly covered by the light and smoke from the explosions.</p>
    <p>The audience's line of sight shifted towards Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Hexagram Prison had a cast time. How could he have time to cast the curse, while fighting with Yu Wenzhou?</p>
    <p>But when they looked...</p>
    <p>Fine! Calling it a fight would be too much of a bias towards Yu Wenzhou. It wasn't a fight, it was a one-sided humiliation. When they looked over, they saw Swoksaar in the air. Lord Grim was using his umbrella's dual swords. He didn't even look at Swoksaar as his two arms swung backwards. The dual swords drew a flower in the air, sending Swoksaar back up into the air.</p>
    <p>This was the Assassin's knock-up skill: Leaping Blade, and Ye Xiu even had the time to make it look pretty like a flower...</p>
    <p>Lord Grim turned around. His umbrella changed shape again, and the attacks continued.</p>
    <p>In the group arena, as soon as Ye Xiu was able to get close, Yu Wenzhou was oppressed until his death. And in this team competition, a repeat of the same story was about to happen.</p>
    <p>He needs to be rescued! Even a noob could see that, and there were no noobs on the field. However, Huang Shaotian and Zheng Xuan couldn't help. Lu Hanwen? Although Lu Hanwen was determined to continue attacking Little Cold Hands, he wasn't dead-set on it. As he attacked, he pulled his battle towards there. He hoped to keep Little Cold Hands in his grasp, while also finding an opportunity to help his captain.　</p>
    <p>He wasn't dead-set on his objective, and Ye Xiu wasn't either. How could Ye Xiu not notice that Lu Hanwen was trying to move over towards him? As a result, he moved Swoksaar away as well.</p>
    <p>There was no change in the situation. Huang Shaotian was trapped by Hexagram Prison and Su Mucheng's artillery fire.</p>
    <p>No choice, forcefully break through!</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan went all out. Bullet Rain rushed at Boundless Sea. He was going to charge through!　</p>
    <p>Dazzling light covered his path. Zheng Xuan used attacks to protect himself and accompany him out of this pass.</p>
    <p>With the wind to his advantage, Zheng Xuan's charge carried even more momentum. Bullet Rain was like a fierce warrior as he rushed forward wildly.</p>
    <p>What can a Qi Master do to stop me? Zheng Xuan carefully went over the possibilities in his head. He didn't have a 100% grasp of dealing with them, which why this was a gamble.　　</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan had placed his bets, but he soon realized that his opponent wasn't playing the same game as him. It was like they were playing to see who would roll higher. After he threw down one dice, he unexpectedly saw the opponent throw three instead...</p>
    <p>Fang Rui's Qi Master couldn't be thought of as a conventional Qi Master.</p>
    <p>Zheng Xuan obviously knew that. When he made his calculations, he had considered the research they had done on Fang Rui, considering him as a dirty Qi Master. At the same time, he didn't ignore the more common Qi Master methods.</p>
    <p>Being able to think up all of these possibilities was due to Team Blue Rain having a Qi Master as well, so the team members were rather familiar with the class.</p>
    <p>However, the ones who were most familiar with the class were Qi Masters themselves. They thought they had a grasp of Fang Riu's dirtiness, but when the time came, they realized that it wasn't enough.</p>
    <p>One dice, two dice, three dice...</p>
    <p>It was as if Zheng Xuan could see his opponent throwing dice after dice. By having three dice, he beat out his one dice despicably.</p>
    <p>Bullet Rain fell down to the ground...</p>
    <p>Another hope was crushed. Blue Rain's fans became even more nervous.</p>
    <p>A turnaround? Where was the turnaround?</p>
    <p>Blue Rain's players had done what they could, but Happy had crushed them all.　</p>
    <p>What should I do?</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen was unable to keep waiting. Their captain, Swoksaar, was already at red health... The thrashing that he was getting was no different than thrashing a healer. In fact, when trying to survive, healers could cast instant heals on themselves occasionally. But Warlocks? Grasping Ghosts? They could heal themselves a bit by dealing damage with that move, but how could Ye Xiu let him cast a spell with such a long duration?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian? Zheng Xuan? They were too far away. Even if they could break and rescue Xu Jingxi, Soul Speaker might not be able to rush over in time to heal Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>I'm the only one who can save our captain!</p>
    <p>Three rays of light flashed as Lu Hanwen's Flowing Cloud dashed towards Lord Grim with a Triple Slash.　</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu didn't seem to want to give up on killing Swoksaar. He didn't retreat. He swung his umbrella in an attempt to block the attack.</p>
    <p>Clang!</p>
    <p>Greatswords were rather heavy. Ye Xiu's Lord Grim was forced back two steps from the blow. His umbrella stabbed towards the side, hooking onto the tumbling Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>Circle Swing!</p>
    <p>Swoksaar was thrown towards Flowing Cloud.　</p>
    <p>Flowing Cloud leaped back, his greatsword raised behind him ready to attack.</p>
    <p>"Behind" Yu Wenzhou didn't bother controlling his character and typed into chat.</p>
    <p>Lu Hanwen was startled. There was no time to look. He had Flowing Cloud dodge.</p>
    <p>Chi!</p>
    <p>A white Sacred Fire erupted. If Yu Wenzhou hadn't remind him, Flowing Cloud would have certainly been hit by it.　　</p>
    <p>Paladins were defenders. And Clerics? Clerics played an offensive support role.</p>
  </body>
</html>
