<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1103: Who?</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1103: Who?</h1>
    <p>"Happy!" Changing Spring ran excitedly to the chat group to type a message.　　</p>
    <p>"What?" But his exclamation was too short. No one understand what he meant.</p>
    <p>"Kansas City's monster should be Happy's! From our reports, the only pro character at Kansas City is Lord Grim. Does anyone else have information of any other pro characters there?" Another guild leader explained in Changing Spring's place.</p>
    <p>Other pro characters? No, none.</p>
    <p>"But… wasn't it Lord Grim who revealed this information?" Several guild leaders hadn't gone over their heads just because it might be Happy's. Misty Castle's Misty Lock asked.</p>
    <p>"What?" The guild leaders had been very excited, but then they discovered that they seemed to have neglected an important detail.</p>
    <p>How shameful!</p>
    <p>It was such a stand-out logic, yet these grand guild leaders had unexpectedly neglected it. What a disgrace.</p>
    <p>"So no matter who it belongs to, it can't be Happy's. Why would they invite trouble to themselves?" Misty Lock said.</p>
    <p>"Or maybe it's some sort of scheme?" A guild leader was dead-set on it being Happy's.</p>
    <p>"Scheme? What type of scheme requires one to reveal one's own raised monster?" Misty Lock was doubtful. Then, he saw a report come in on his QQ. He clicked on it.</p>
    <p>"Our raised monster has been discovered!!"</p>
    <p>"What? By who?" Misty Lock was shocked. It was too sudden.</p>
    <p>"By Happy."</p>
    <p>"Hold the fort." Misty Lock couldn't think too much. He could only give this reply. But before he could even get back to the game, a reply had already come: "We can't hold it!"　　</p>
    <p>They were truly unable to hold it.</p>
    <p>After news of a raised monster being exposed came out, the big guilds dispatched scouts to probe the situation, while they also increased their defenses and vigilance towards their own breeding cities. However, at this moment, outside of where Misty Castle's raised monster was located, every character there was from a pro team.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist, Steamed Bun Invasion, One Inch Ash, Deception, Little Cold Hands, Concealed Light, even….. Dancing Rain!</p>
    <p>This was everyone in Team Happy apart from Lord Grim. Even though they were a new team, if they could beat Team Excellent Era, how could in-game elite troops be a match?　　</p>
    <p>Misty Castle tried to form a defensive line in an attempt to stop them, but their defenses were instantly broken through. Happy's team headed straight for their raised monster. Misty Castle's most effective method of obstruction was probably their angry yells and curses.</p>
    <p>A raised monster didn't have the same amount of health as a wild boss. In addition, no matter how long a monster was raised, it would always have a weakness. Ye Xiu hadn't taken long to kill a seaweed monster worth 625 points, let alone an entire team charging at one. Misty Castle's raised monster might be a bit stronger than Samsara's seaweed monster, but under the combined attack from a team of players, it died even faster than the seaweed monster.</p>
    <p>"It's over….." Besides reporting to their guild leader, Misty Castle's players couldn't do anything else. They couldn't stop Happy's team from breaking through their defenses, let alone killing Happy's team. The monster, which they had spent close to two hours raising by sacrificing countless alternate accounts, was taken away by Happy just like that. Even though their guild was also working hard trying to steal other guild's monsters, they were still incredibly furious after getting theirs stolen away.</p>
    <p>By the time Misty Lock returned to the game, everything was already over. He had no time to do anything.　　</p>
    <p>What the hell?</p>
    <p>Misty Lock now had plenty of time to ponder over what had just happened　　</p>
    <p>His heart was in chaos. Even though he had the time, he wasn't in the mood to ponder over this question. The guild leader chat group was still arguing over what Lord Grim was trying to do, exposing Kansas City like that.</p>
    <p>Why?</p>
    <p>Seeing the guild leaders repeatedly ask this question, Misty Lock suddenly realized something.　　</p>
    <p>Could Lord Grim… be trying to divert their attention?</p>
    <p>The guild leader chat group was in a fervent discussion. All of the guilds were focused on Kansas City. What about the other cities? It didn't seem like there was any information on the others. At least, Misty Castle didn't have any. But what about Happy? Not only had they found where Misty Castle's raised monster was located, they sent their pro team to kill it.</p>
    <p>Was it Misty Castle being unlucky or could it be the start of Happy's scheme?</p>
    <p>Misty Castle's intuition told him that it was the latter. Lord Grim revealing Kansas City not only diverted Misty Castle's attention, but all of the other guilds. No, it would be more precise to say that they weren't focused on Lord Grim, but rather the monster located in Kansas City. But who had first discovered this monster? Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>Did Kansas City really have a raised monster? Misty Lock was starting to become suspicious of it. Their guild had searched for so long already, yet they hadn't found anything. What about the other guilds? They all seemed to be busy, but if they found anything, they wouldn't share it with anyone else. Even if they killed it, they might pretend like it hadn't been killed yet. Trying to confirm anything was very troublesome!</p>
    <p>Misty Lock discovered that they seemed to have walked into an alleyway, starting from when Kansas City's monster had been revealed. Misty Lock was very doubtful that this alley would end up being a dead end, but he didn't have any plans of telling these doubts to anyone because his guild had already suffered. It hoped that the other guilds would also suffer too. Now that he no longer had a raised monster, he needed to steal someone else's. As for what exactly Happy was scheming, why couldn't Misty Castle take advantage of their scheme too?</p>
    <p>Kansas City.</p>
    <p>Blue River had been carefully following Lord Grim the entire time, going around and around the city. Lord Grim wasn't moving too fast because whenever he saw a ghost, he would go kill it. He wasn't very focused on searching for raised monsters.</p>
    <p>Blue River understood the reason very well.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu had previously done everything on his own because Happy didn't have the conditions for it. Now that Happy had grown, even if it couldn't compare to the powerhouses yet, it wasn't so small anymore that God Ye Xiu had to personally do everything. If Lord Grim had truly been focused on searching for raised monsters, Blue River would have been suspicious. But Ye Xiu prioritizing killing monsters, while also scouting around in the passing was reasonable. It was very reasonable.</p>
    <p>There were no signs showing that Lord Grim was doing anything unusual, but Blue River always had an uneasy feeling in his heart. His intuition told him that he was definitely missing something.</p>
    <p>Blue River replayed over and over everything that Lord Grim had done today including all of the small details.</p>
    <p>Suddenly, his cellphone rang.</p>
    <p>Blue River checked his cellphone. To his surprise, it was Changing Spring.　</p>
    <p>Blue River's expression changed. Changing Spring could have easily contacted him online. He could even see that both Changing Spring was online both in the game and on QQ. Instead, he chose to make a phone call, meaning that he had something very important to say. This was because this guy refused to change his habit of not liking to type. If there was something important to say, he would always choose to make a phone call.</p>
    <p>"Hello?" Blue River picked up the phone.</p>
    <p>"Our raised monster has been stolen by Happy."</p>
    <p>That was the first sentence he heard.</p>
    <p>"How? Impossible!" Blue River whispered. He could still see Lord Grim from his screen, "Lord Grim is still on this side."</p>
    <p>"Lord Grim didn't go, but the others in Team Happy went." Changing Spring said.</p>
    <p>"The others…"</p>
    <p>"Yeah, everyone else in Team Happy apart from Lord Grim."</p>
    <p>"..." Blue River didn't know what to say.</p>
    <p>"What is Lord Grim doing right now?" Changing Spring asked.</p>
    <p>"The same as always. Wandering around while occasionally killing monsters." Blue River said.</p>
    <p>"He obviously knew what his team was doing, but he was still idly killing monsters. There must be a scheme in this." Changing Spring was exasperated.</p>
    <p>Blue River stared blankly. His mind was a mess. He had replayed all the events that had happened today with Lord Grim, but he still wasn't able to find the important point.</p>
    <p>"Does Kansas City have a raised monster or not? We've been searching for so long!" Changing Spring shouted.</p>
    <p>"Of course, there's one... I've personally seen that character….." Blue River said, but then he suddenly stopped.</p>
    <p>"What about that character?" Changing Spring heard the hesitation.</p>
    <p>"I feel like I've seen that character before….." Blue River tried hard to search his memories, but his deepest impression of this character was that he had a dark red status. This was the main point he had noticed because he had tried to determine how much experience this character had lost based on his lowered stats to see whether he was a feeder or not.</p>
    <p>"What's his name?" Changing Spring asked.</p>
    <p>"Backside Attack... Where have I seen him before?" Blue River thought hard.</p>
    <p>"Backside Attack?" Changing Spring was even more puzzled than Blue River. However, the number of people at his disposal was more than just himself. He immediately had the entire guild reflect on this name.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, the collective knowledge of the guild was boundless. Soon afterwards, an upper level player from Blue Brook Guild pointed out: "He used to be from our Blue Brook Guild. There was this one boss fight where they and Ye Xiu ripped us off. Did you forget, guild leader?"</p>
    <p>Changing Spring suddenly thought to himself.</p>
    <p>Changing Spring remembered quite clearly that time's fight for the Level 65 wild boss Swamp Hunter Leipu. Apart from Ye Xiu participating and extorting them, more importantly, he had talked with one character, the character called Windward Formation. At that time, Windward Formation had been a part of Blue Brook Guild, but because of an incident, Changing Spring kicked him out. After that, he found out that Windward Formation was unexpectedly Team Blue Rain's former captain. How could he forget about that experience?</p>
    <p>As for this Backside Attack, he didn't have much of an impression of him. But with this reminder, Changing Spring understood that this guy must be together with Windward Formation, together with Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Everything has come to light…...</p>
    <p>The so-called feeder had been from Happy. As for those distinctly lowered stats, it wasn't just Changing Spring even Blue River got up. After that boss battle, that group of players had been attacked by all of the guilds and they annoyed everyone for a long period of time. But they were just purely annoyances. In terms of actual combat, those guys weren't their opponents. In the end, all of them lost a lot of experience.</p>
    <p>And now, this type of trash account was being used by Ye Xiu and it was being used well too.</p>
    <p>All of the guilds were focused on Kansas City. And at this moment, their rears were being wiped by Team Happy. A team... a pro team.</p>
  </body>
</html>
