<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1444 - Break Out</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1444 - Break Out</h1>
    <p>Mo Fan had always been careful. There were often times where everyone thought that he could definitely continue his offense, but he would always run away and then look for another opportunity to launch a sneak attack on his opponent. Right now, his opponent was directly in front of him and spirits were all around him, yet he didn’t hesitate to rush him.</p>
    <p>“Direct combat? But this time, the situation’s completely different,” Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>Last time was referring to the first Happy versus Blue Rain playoffs round. Li Yuan let out all of his summons to scout the surroundings and only left a Devil World Flower near him. Mo Fan’s Deception beautifully dodged around the spirits and cut straight to Eight Notes’ side. He instantly killed the Devil World Flower and then attacked Eight Notes.</p>
    <p>But this time? Deception had only killed two Little Spirits. He hadn’t escaped from the predicament. Moreover, when Li Yuan’s Eight Notes prepared to personally take command of his summons, he had ordered all of his spirits to gather towards this place.</p>
    <p>“He has no choice.” Li Yibo had no time to give a thorough analysis and simply gave out the main reason for Mo Fan’s actions.</p>
    <p>Attack!</p>
    <p>Deception rushed forward. Mo Fan may be silent and taciturn, but once he made a decision, he would take it all the way through. As a master of escape, he had a much clearer understanding of his predicament than others. If he didn’t have this sort of perception, there was no way he could have been able to pick up whatever he wanted on the chaotic PK fields and then escape.</p>
    <p>He had grasped his opponent’s strategy. In this map, it was indeed flawless. A person’s observational abilities were far less precise than the system AI under these conditions. That was what he kept on bumping into spirits. What’s more, by the time he noticed it, the spirit would already be fairly close, making escape extremely difficult.</p>
    <p>As a result, he started attacking the spirits. He recognized that today, there was no way to avoid these obstacles. If he couldn’t avoid them, then his only choice was to destroy them.</p>
    <p>But after killing just two spirits, their owner appeared.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan wasn’t too surprised. The spirits were this easy to kill because the system AI controlled them. Mo Fan wasn’t so naive to think that Li Yuan would just let him slaughter his way out. Li Yuan would certainly come out and take command of the spirits.</p>
    <p>Fight the summons and the Summoner together? That was Tang Rou’s style.</p>
    <p>The scrap-picker-borne Mo Fan had a clear goal: lock onto Eight Notes. That was all he wanted to do. Anything else was a waste of time.</p>
    <p>Thus, as soon as Eight Notes appeared, Deception charged at him.</p>
    <p>Mo Fan’s actions seemed incongruous with his usual playstyle, but it actually coincided perfectly with his usual decision making.</p>
    <p>Storm Shuriken!</p>
    <p>Deception lifted his hand and threw out several shurikens. As he dashed at him, Eight Notes, who had been in a blurry silhouette in the dense fog, became easier to see. Mo Fan saw as Eight Notes waved his magic staff and finish a cast. A summoning circle appeared in front of him. The soil under the summoning circle turned into a different color. The earth split apart, and vines from a Devil World Flower extended out.</p>
    <p>Pu pu pu pu pu!</p>
    <p>The shurikens were swatted down by the Devil World Flower. The Devil World Flower trembled and a vine drilled out from the ground.</p>
    <p>Shua!</p>
    <p>Deception leapt into the air. The vine tried to wrap around his ankle, but he threw out another shuriken, pinning the vine to the ground.</p>
    <p>“Beautiful!” Pan Lin shouted. These precise and fluid movements showed just how skilled Mo Fan was. Pan Lin just didn’t understand. If Mo Fan possessed such technical skill, why was he insistent on his Fireworks Style?</p>
    <p>Seal!</p>
    <p>Deception quickly formed several hand seals. His two hands were like a blur to the eyes. The average viewer had no way of telling what seals he was forming. However, from the complexity of it, they could tell that it was a powerful skill.</p>
    <p>What is it?</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu – Exploding Flame Dragon!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan had used this Level 75 skill last time to instantly kill off Li Yuan’s Devil World Flower. This time, the Devil World Flower had already been hit by Storm Shurikens. An instant kill was certain. Eight Notes was behind the Devil World Flower. The Exploding Flame Dragon had a large AoE and would swallow Eight Notes along with the Devil World Flower.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>A whirling fire dragon flew out from the triangle formed from Deception’s hands. However, at this moment, a wall of fire erupted, blocking the fire dragon.</p>
    <p>These flames weren’t as overbearing as the dragon’s flames, but they were just as restless.</p>
    <p>Big Fire Spirit!</p>
    <p>The Big Fire Spirit acted as shield for the Devil World Flower, and facing the Exploding Flame Dragon, it rushed out to defend against it.</p>
    <p>Using a Big Fire Spirit to take the attack was perfect. Fire elemental attacks had no effect on a Big Fire Spirit. Not only did it have no effect, the Big Fire Spirit seemed to expand; its flames danced even more wildly.</p>
    <p>Fire Blade!</p>
    <p>The Big Fire Spirit seemed to form an arm made up entirely of flames. The arm slashed downwards towards Deception.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Deception suddenly went ablaze, instantly vanishing into smoke.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Mo Fan relied on this quick skill to avoid the Fire Blade and to instantly move to Eight Note’s back.</p>
    <p>“He’s behind him!!” Pan Lin cried out.</p>
    <p>The fast exchange between the two sides was too brilliant. Deception was able to successfully get to Eight Note’s back. Although it was hard to say how much he would be able to do with so many spirits surrounding him, he at least had the initiative during this short period of time, no?</p>
    <p>But there was nothing!</p>
    <p>The instant Deception moved behind Eight Notes, a sharp thorn shot from the ground. Mo Fan had no time to react. Deception was launched into the sky as if he had been pricked in the butt by it.</p>
    <p>Thorn!</p>
    <p>The Summoner knock-up skill was completed using summoning as well. Eight Notes had predicted that Deception would move behind him. Li Yuan knew that the Big Fire Spirit’s Fire Blade wouldn’t be enough to stop Deception’s advance.</p>
    <p>Pa!</p>
    <p>A crisp sound.</p>
    <p>Eight Notes turned around. The magic staff in his hands seemed to have turned into a creature. It struck Deception, launching him even higher into the air.</p>
    <p>Lash.</p>
    <p>The skill was intended to be used on summons to increase their combat ability, but it could also be used as an attack against enemies.</p>
    <p>Deception had used Substitution Technique previously to escape from the spirits. Right now, it was still on cooldown, so he had no way of escaping.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The Big Light Spirit’s attack also arrived. A bolt of lightning crackled, crashing down onto Deception. Amidst the dense fog, spirit after spirit emerged, gathering together. Eight Notes retreated to the side, calmly commanding the army of spirits to attack Deception.</p>
    <p>He hadn’t summoned a Spirit King yet. It required four Big Spirits to fuse together. It was more effective to use numbers to trap Deception. If he fused together four Spirits, Mo Fan might just be able to escape.</p>
    <p>Li Yuan was calm, very calm. Blue Rain’s previous plans had failed to achieve their goal. Blue Rain’s situation wasn’t looking good either. He wasn’t a senior member of Team Blue Rain, only having one more year of experience than Lu Hanwen, yet he seemed to have the strength of a core member, keeping the battle under his control.</p>
    <p>Deception’s health rapidly fell as the spirits swarmed him. And Eight Notes hadn’t taken any damage. If this situation continued at this pace, this round could be considered a perfect win for Li Yuan.</p>
    <p>In an individual competition, apart from praise and a boost of morale, a perfect win was no different than a narrow win. But in the group arena, a perfect win was truly a perfect outcome.</p>
    <p>“Is this going to be a perfect win?” Pan Lin started having his doubts. Deception only had 42% of his health left, while Eight Notes had an army of spirits at his command. The spirits had Deception completely surrounded. Under Li Yuan’s personal command, the spirits circled around Deception, attacking him.</p>
    <p>Everything seemed to be going perfect for Li Yuan. Suddenly, Li Yibo’s eyes lit up: “Chance!”</p>
    <p>“Chance?” Pan Lin didn’t understand, but Mo Fan’s Deception suddenly moved.</p>
    <p>Substitution Technique!</p>
    <p>While taking hits, Deception used an escape skill. A straw dummy lay in the center of the encirclement and fell apart, while Deceptin’s real body flashed to a different position.</p>
    <p>This abrupt movement had sent Li Yuan’s army of summons into a fluster. Then, Ninjutsu – Shadow Dance!</p>
    <p>Multiple Deceptions appeared.</p>
    <p>Zi zi zi zi…</p>
    <p>Several Little Spirits were killed instantly. Mo Fan’s observational skills were truly frightening. There were so many spirits, yet he was able to identify which ones had low health. These discerning eyes had been trained through years of scrap picking.</p>
    <p>“Is he going to counterattack!” Pan Lin yelled excitedly. If Li Yuan completed a perfect win, true, it would be incredible. But a match with ups and downs was more fun to watch!</p>
    <p>“He’s probably going to try to escape!” Li Yibo said. He had seen the opportunity previously and had a clearer idea of Mo Fan’s intentions. But the situation was tense, so there was no time for a more detailed analysis. The multitude of Deceptions incited chaos into the field. Suddenly, one of the Deceptions retreated.</p>
    <p>The heart of Shadow Dance!</p>
    <p>Everyone thought of this term. Li Yuan had no way of reforming the encirclement. If he tried to surround one of the Deceptions, the heart of Shadow Dance would quickly switch to a different clone.</p>
    <p>After one clone ran away, a second one took off. Deception after Deception retreated in different directions, and Li Yuan had no way of stopping them.</p>
    <p>“He’s going to run!” Just as Pan Lin said this, the first Deception that tried to escape went “shing” and turned into a block of ice.</p>
  </body>
</html>
