<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1458 -  Hurricane Cannon</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1458 -  Hurricane Cannon</h1>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s Troubling Rain had taken the initiative to retreat, but this time, it was Su Mucheng’s turn to be relentless. Raising her cannon with both hands, Dancing Rain chased after Troubling Rain, following the path that he had taken. Even though Troubling Rain had vanished from her sight in the blink of an eye, her attack was still extremely decisive. Boom!</p>
    <p>The forest was filled with bright flashes from the explosions. It was already the last round, so there was no need to conserve mana, and on top of that, the Launcher’s normal attacks also did damage in an area-of-effect. The aggressive Su Mucheng had now turned into the destroyer of the forest, with her artillery barrage engulfing her path as she steadily chased in the direction that Troubling Rain had fled in.</p>
    <p>In the end, just as she had just reached the spot where Troubling Rain was hiding behind a tree, sword light flashed towards her.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian had been called the Demon Blade, and this title was precisely because he was able to seize opportunities that others weren’t able to notice, and could often launch attacks in situations which others deemed to be impossible.</p>
    <p>When he seized these impossible opportunities, the things he accomplished were always a little strange, and so after some time, the nickname of Demon Blade was born.</p>
    <p>At this moment, if not for the viewers’ omniscient point-of-view, how many people would think that Huang Shaotian, having just decided to escape and seeing Su Mucheng closing in, would instead immediately drop his original decision to quickly lay in ambush along the path that she was taking? Even though this new decision was a very logical one, Huang Shaotian’s reaction was simply too fast, catching everyone off-guard.</p>
    <p>Of course, being fast could allow him to catch others unprepared.</p>
    <p>When this sword light emerged, Su Mucheng really was somewhat unprepared.</p>
    <p>The sword light landed squarely, and Dancing Rain staggered and fell towards the side.</p>
    <p>Collapsing Mountain!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain brandished his sword, preparing to continue the assault, but once again, he was met face-first with the mouth of Dancing Rain’s cannon.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng didn’t become any less aggressive after forcing Huang Shaotian to run. In this moment, her split-second reaction was to launch a counterattack.</p>
    <p>“What have you been through, why are your attacks so fierce!”</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian blew his top and shouted, as Troubling Rain stopped his attack in mid-air. The Collapsing Mountain was changed into a Falling Light Blade, and with a stroke, he fell towards the side.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Of course, the cannon fired an attack. Though this attack was unable to prevent Collapsing Mountain from completing, Huang Shaotian really didn’t want to engage in any trading with Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>“The one who wronged you wasn’t me, right?”</p>
    <p>In the midst of the attacks, Huang Shaotian was still sending messages. After dodging the cannon blast, the shockwave from the Falling Light Blade was just enough to reach Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain was already rolling, using the knockback from the attack earlier along with the Falling Light Blade’s attack to cancel each other out. As she was rolling, a single grenade also rolled outwards.</p>
    <p>“…”</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian was speechless, and could only have Troubling Rain jump and dodge the attack. He wouldn’t be able to dodge the attack by moving forwards, so he could only retreat.</p>
    <p>“Blocking our road to the championship title, is there any wrong greater than that?” Su Mucheng replied.</p>
    <p>“If you look at it this way, you’ve also wronged me considerably!” Huang Shaotian replied.</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain jumped nimbly backwards just enough to dodge the explosion from the grenade, and retaliated at the last moment.</p>
    <p>Headwind Strike!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain jumped forwards, his body spinning in mid-air and dodging one of Dancing Rain’s artillery shells. Immediately after, sword light condensed into a circle, flying towards Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>This one sword was quite a strong move.</p>
    <p>In close-quarters combat, no matter what, the Blade Master would reign supreme, not the Launcher.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng had used her aggressive performance to suppress Huang Shaotian. To be suppressed by a Launcher in close-quarters combat was a disgrace, and even to normal players, it was embarrassing enough. But as for the esteemed Sword Saint, even after being bullied like this, his mental state was still calm.</p>
    <p>He had a very clear understanding of what capital Su Mucheng had to rely on.</p>
    <p>She was aggressive, but there was a reason that she was aggressive. Su Mucheng didn’t just decide to fight head-on and charge for no reason, taking her Launcher to be a Knight.</p>
    <p>The disparity in health between the two was what allowed Su Mucheng to make some decisions in close-quarters combat that would normally be disadvantageous to her. As for Huang Shaotian, because of his health disadvantage, he had no choice but to dodge these “decisions”, and gradually, it looked like he was in a difficult situation.</p>
    <p>And now, knowing that Su Mucheng would fight in this manner, he also calmly made his decision. He would avoid playing into Su Mucheng’s intentions, and begin his attack from there.</p>
    <p>Headwind Strike connected, and Huang Shaotian had Troubling Rain use Rising Dragon Slash!</p>
    <p>This blade didn’t hit Dancing Rain, but as Troubling Rain rose in the air, he narrowly avoided another attack that Su Mucheng had sent towards him whilst she was stumbling.</p>
    <p>“Oh oh oh!!!”</p>
    <p>The entire crowd saw this thrilling moment and cried out in surprise.</p>
    <p>The Rising Dragon Slash brough Troubling Rain behind Dancing Rain, and at that moment in mid-air, his body twisted. Falling Phoenix Slash!</p>
    <p>His body didn’t twist completely at all, and this Falling Phoenix Slash was awkward and ugly, but the sword light accurately chopped towards Dancing Rain’s head. On top of that, she still hadn’t regained her balance from the stumbling that the Headwind Strike had caused!</p>
    <p>This was the rhythm of a professional player at the apex of Glory.</p>
    <p>The difference between them and a normal player was clear as day. If it was an ordinary player, they wouldn’t be able to combine a Rising Dragon Slash and Falling Phoenix Slash so quickly, right after Headwind Strike had completed.</p>
    <p>Slash!</p>
    <p>The sword light descended, and Dancing Rain was knocked onto the ground.</p>
    <p>The stadium was filled with applause.</p>
    <p>In the beginning, Huang Shaotian being beaten up by Su Mucheng had made them extremely anxious, but at this moment, it looked like Huang Shaotian had found his rhythm.</p>
    <p>As Dancing Rain rolled, offsetting the attack, Troubling Rain’s figure had already begun moving towards the side. Huang Shaotian believed that Su Mucheng would forcefully attack at this moment, so the path that he chose wasn’t the fastest path to get close to Dancing Rain. Instead, he moved to a location that Dancing Rain wouldn’t be able to attack while rolling.</p>
    <p>Pressing hard, but not pressing too hard.</p>
    <p>To a Launcher, a class bad at close combat, a distance of one, two or three steps could all be considered close-quarters fighting, preventing them from displaying their ranged superiority. So now that Huang Shaotian hadn’t chased as closely, he was a bit further away from Dancing Rain, but Su Mucheng was now unable to make her aggressive counterattacks.</p>
    <p>As expected, Huang Shaotian wasn’t such an easy player to take down.</p>
    <p>As Su Mucheng rolled and tried to forcefully counterattack, she saw that Huang Shaotian had unexpectedly controlled Troubling Rain to move towards an area that she couldn’t adjust her attack to hit, and also understood what had happened in her mind. She knew that Huang Shaotian had already made adjustments to his attacking rhythm.</p>
    <p>As such, after rolling, Dancing Rain rolled once more.</p>
    <p>Roll, roll roll, Dancing Rain rolled in an arc on the ground.</p>
    <p>“Hahaha, is this some vulgar movement that you’ve learned from Fang Rui?” Huang Shaotian laughed.</p>
    <p>When one thought of Su Mucheng’s beautiful figure also rolling on the ground in a vulgar fashion like Fang Rui, it was certainly difficult to bear. Huang Shaotian’s words completely shattered the “female goddess” image in the blink of an eye.</p>
    <p>He wasn’t particularly worried about such movement. Fang Rui was an opponent that they had researched for several years. Even if she had learnt Fang Rui’s dirty movements, it wasn’t enough to catch an experienced veteran like Huang Shaotian off-guard.</p>
    <p>As he ridiculed her, he was actually carefully watching where Dancing Rain’s rolling silhouette, paying attention to angles from which he could dodge her attacks before continuing to close the distance.</p>
    <p>In the end, just as Troubling Rain succeeded in drawing close and was preparing to attack, he heard a “whoosh”.</p>
    <p>The sound was a little bit smothered, and a bit long. It also seemed to have some kind of revolving sound, rubbing against the cannon’s walls as it fired out.</p>
    <p>This is……</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian’s brain flashed with understanding, but in the end, this skill appeared slightly faster than he was able to react.</p>
    <p>As the artillery shell left the cannon, a whooshing sound rang out.</p>
    <p>Hurricane Cannon!</p>
    <p>A level 75 Launcher skill.</p>
    <p>At this time, Huang Shaotian had already reacted. He had Troubling Rain frantically dodge to one side, but it was already too late.</p>
    <p>Unexpectedly, Su Mucheng had simply and directly fired this cannon shot at him while rolling. After that whooshing sound rang out, a hurricane swirled up, with Dancing Rain’s body as the center. In an instant, Dancing Rain was sent flying in the air, as the hurricane rapidly expanded. Troubling Rain, who was trying to retreat, was only able to take half a step before caught by the hurricane, and in an instant, he was sucked into it.</p>
    <p>That Hurricane Cannon shot was still drilling into the ground, frantically revolving. This intense hurricane seemed to come from the ripples on the body of the artillery shell. But how could Huang Shaotian have the mood to appreciate this at this time? In the instant that Troubling Rain’s body went out of control, he knew it spelt disaster. He already had no way of controlling his character to do anything. The only thing he could do was to forcefully raise his field of view, and what he saw was Dancing Rain, floating in mid-air with the help of a cannon shot. He saw the pitch-dark mouth of the cannon aiming once more towards the hurricane, and aiming towards him.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>At the same instant that the Hurricane Cannon exploded, Dancing Rain’s cannon sent a charged-up Quantum Bomb towards him. On top of the explosion, there was another layer of energy fluctuating out. The recoil from a Quantum Bomb was uncomparably strong. If a character was standing on flat ground, they would have to take a step back in order to dissipate the recoil, or they would be flipped onto the ground.</p>
    <p>At this time, Dancing Rain had already charged up this shot in mid-air. As she reached the highest point, she synchronized with the explosion of Hurricane Cannon, sending out the Quantum Bomb. With the strong recoil, Dancing Rain was just like an artillery shell, rocketing through the sky.</p>
    <p>All of this was clearly seen by the crowd. But what about Huang Shaotian? After one round of explosions, his field of view was completely covered with the light and thick smoke from the explosions.</p>
    <p>What about Dancing Rain?</p>
    <p>After freeing himself from the explosions, he quickly swept all 360 degrees around him, but he couldn’t find her.</p>
    <p>On top of you!</p>
    <p>The viewers wished they could run up and pull Huang Shaotian’s ear to tell him, and as for Dancing Rain, she had already begun to fall at this point. The pitch-dark mouth of the cannon once more locked on to its target. She wasn’t impatient to fire her shot, instead, she wanted to wait for a certain distance, to wait for a distance in which even Huang Shaotian wouldn’t be able to dodge in time.</p>
    <p>It’s already more or less there!</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng had already made a precise judgement, and immediately began inputting her skills to attack, but all of a sudden, Troubling Rain, who had been looking in all directions vigilantly, suddenly raised his sword towards the sky.</p>
    <p>Piercing Form!</p>
    <p>One blade dotted the firmament.</p>
    <p>Fine sword qi flew out, and the incomparably strong Piercing Form immediately wrecked Dancing Rain’s figure in mid-air.</p>
    <p>Did he really not know that Dancing Rain was above him? Those who thought as much were underestimating Huang Shaotian.</p>
  </body>
</html>
