<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 216 – Even If We’re Killed, We Won’t Tell Anyone</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 216 – Even If We’re Killed, We Won’t Tell Anyone</h1>
    <p>“Time they exited the dungeon?”</p>
    <p>“Yeah, if they entered the dungeon at 12, it’s about time they finished their three runs and are prepared to leave.”</p>
    <p>“We’ll be sending them off.” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>Now, Su Mucheng and Qiao Yifan understood what Ye Xiu was trying to say.</p>
    <p>As for Steamed Bun Invasion, even though he had gaming experience, he was relatively innocent and didn’t get it, so he continued to ask: “Send who?”</p>
    <p>“The people who weren’t polite to us.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Then why should we send them?” Steamed Bun Invasion still didn’t get it. Even Tang Rou understood by now. Ye Xiu had once analyzed this type of situation: the opponent’s left their elite teams to continue leveling. At this moment, they were finished with their three dungeons so wasn’t it obvious what they were going to do?</p>
    <p>“But….. how do you know which ones to attack?” Su Mucheng asked.</p>
    <p>“I asked.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Asked?”</p>
    <p>“I have a lot of guild leaders on my friends list.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Their pursuers hadn’t lit up their guild tags, which meant they wanted to cover it up. However, this kind of thinking was too naive. Many guilds wanted to pull in Ye Xiu, so his friends list was full of guild leaders from all sorts of guilds. As a result, all he had to do was send all of them messages telling them which names he had encountered during battle and asked which guilds they were in.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu understood the competition between each of the guilds. Even if they were in an alliance temporarily, they might be using it to pressure each other. For example, in Congee Forest, when those four players had baited Ye Xiu and Huang Shaotian, Ye Xiu suspected that someone had set them up without them being aware.</p>
    <p>With this sort of relationship, the guilds that were asked might not intend to sell out other guilds, but they didn’t know if they would be betrayed or not. As a result, if they sold out others, they, at least, wouldn’t lose out alone.</p>
    <p>And just like Ye Xiu had predicted, many guilds actively replied. However, the replies differed. It could be seen that some of the guilds were covering up for their own players.</p>
    <p>After filtering out the bad answers, he found that there were six or seven guilds. Ye Xiu wasn’t sure if it was everyone, but he had acquired a few targets already.</p>
    <p>“Line Canyon (TL: Entire map which includes leveling area + dungeon) only has two entrances, but my guess is that their main force is already guarding those. Our only choice is to look for another opportunity.” Lord Grim’s footsteps stopped.</p>
    <p>“This place is?” Su Mucheng asked everyone.</p>
    <p>“If you leave from this Line Canyon dungeon entrance (TL: Dungeon has several entrances into it), there’s a high probability that they’ll pass through here.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“You know so much!” The others gasped in amazement.</p>
    <p>“Yeah, I just looked it up.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“……”</p>
    <p>“Look, a team.” Tang Rou suddenly said. Hearing that they were going to PK, this sister’s spirit immediately flared.</p>
    <p>“Misty Castle…… no.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>The five players were currently crouching behind a sand dune and were stealthily observing the players heading towards this intersection.</p>
    <p>“Another team! Samsara?” After Misty Castle’s team left, another team followed, which Tang Rou immediately noticed.</p>
    <p>“Go!” Ye Xiu ordered and the five players leapt out from the sand dune. Samsara’s players were hurrying forward and not paying attention.</p>
    <p>“It’s only five players, do we really need to ambush them?” Tang Rou realized that these five were walking along the road cluelessly.</p>
    <p>“You can shout at them to get their attention if you’d like.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou decided not to do it since shouting wasn’t her style.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was the first to move out. Lord Grim used a Shadow Clone Technique to flash behind them. His Thousand Chance Umbrella transformed into a Scythe, a Priest weapon type, and a blue light glowed on the ground. The five players realized that something wasn’t right, but by the time they looked back, the blue light had already risen and the five players were launched into the sky.</p>
    <p>Cleansing Mist immediately lifted her handcannon and sent artillery shells and a Gatling Gun, sending the five players tumbling through the sky. One Inch Ash moved up, waved his Demon Slaying Blade, and then cast an Ice Boundary. When the five players landed, two of them were Frozen into ice cubes, making it so that they were unable to Quick Recover.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist and Steamed Bun Invasion shot forward, one on the left and the other on the right. Tang Rou took her battle lance and stabbed at their heads. In comparison, Steamed Bun Invasion shamelessly bullied the ice cubes.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist’s Scarlet Moon Lance twirled like a dragon. It wasn’t difficult to see that her hand speed wasn’t ordinary. In addition, Lord Grim assisted her from the side. The players were unable to resist and by the time the two ice cubes melted, one of them had already fallen.</p>
    <p>The two who had melted out of their ice cubes weren’t any better off. One of them was directly Strangled by Steamed Bun Invasion and then beat up. The other ice cube tried to escape, but after taking two or three steps, a Scarlet Moon Lance stabbed at his head, and like a mop, he was thrown towards his two allies.</p>
    <p>The battle occurred extremely quickly.</p>
    <p>When the Misty Castle players heard the commotion behind them, they turned their heads and saw that the scene wasn’t a PK, but a massacre. The Samsara players were bullied so miserably that even normal monsters looked better than them. Seeing this, their hearts tightened.</p>
    <p>“Lord Grim…..” One of the players quietly said.</p>
    <p>“Where’d they come out from……” Another player was puzzled.</p>
    <p>“Let’s hurry up and leave.” The third bro reminded them to not watch. The place was currently dangerous and it was best to hurry and leave.</p>
    <p>The players continued to madly run, while looking back from time to time. Samsara’s players quickly turned into corpses. Seeing that Lord Grim didn’t seem to be chasing them, they let out a sigh of relief.</p>
    <p>“He’s not our enemy!” One of the players said. Seeing Lord Grim attacking other guilds and not mind them, the five wanted to watch the commotion.</p>
    <p>“What???”</p>
    <p>When Lonely Drink received the message, the five players had already died and returned to the city. During the battle, they weren’t able to send out a message for help. They were only able to report it after they died.</p>
    <p>“F*ck!” Lonely Drink couldn’t resist cursing out loud. The characters he was leading, even himself, could be sacrificed. Their purpose was to wear down one another, delaying their leveling. But the five players who had just died were different. These were players who were supposed to be power leveling and taking a hold of the records. However, they had been wiped out by Lord Grim, making Lonely Drink’s heart ache.</p>
    <p>“What’s wrong?” His cursing brought the attention of others.</p>
    <p>“F*ck……. I burnt myself with my cigarette.” Lonely Drink lied.</p>
    <p>Lonely Drink’s heart was just like Cold Night’s. He had hoped that Lord Grim would make it even by attacking the other guilds. Their guild couldn’t be the only one to suffer! Which was why even if they had been killed, they wouldn’t tell it to anyone.</p>
    <p>In Line Canyon, Ye Xiu and the others had already encountered another team.</p>
    <p>“Blossom Valley, go!” Ye Xiu said. This time, they didn’t ambush them and instead directly clashed with them.</p>
    <p>“That team there is from Void Walk! They’re also targets.” Another team followed after Blossom Valley’s. Ye Xiu looked and saw that they were also one of the pursuing guilds.</p>
    <p>“Two teams! This is going to be fun.” Tang Rou excitedly said. She immediately rushed forward as if her toys were going to run away.</p>
    <p>“Pay attention to controlling the field. Don’t let any of them escape!” Ye Xiu warned.</p>
    <p>“Relax, senior. Leave that to me.” Steamed Bun Invasion suddenly went forward and began with a Sand Toss.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun Invasion!!” Steamed Bun Invasion yelled out his name and invaded the enemy forces.</p>
    <p>“Steamed Bun, you’re so lively.” Ye Xiu praised.</p>
    <p>“Ha ha ha ha…..” Steamed Bun Invasion’s laugh echoed throughout the canyon.</p>
  </body>
</html>
