<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1110: Forcing Demon Subduer</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1110: Forcing Demon Subduer</h1>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't immediately contend with Ye Xiu. If Ye Xiu was over here, then what was happening on the other side? Fang Rui immediately turned his camera to look.</p>
    <p>When he looked, Fang Rui almost cried.</p>
    <p>Demon Subduer had always been the symbol of Wind Howl. But the number one Brawler in Glory was currently being ridden by another Brawler, who was using Tyrannical Chain Punch on him.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui couldn't help but turn his head to look at Tang Hao, who was sitting not far away from him.</p>
    <p>It was evident that Tang Hao was furious. The veins on his forehead looked as if they would burst into antennas.</p>
    <p>What are they doing!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui found it hard to believe. Didn't they all go over to assist him? Why was Tang Hao being bullied to such a state?</p>
    <p>When he looked more carefully, he realized that Tang Hao wasn't the only person who was in a difficult situation.</p>
    <p>The three classes that went over to help were an Elementalist, a Knight, and a Cleric.</p>
    <p>It was needless to talk about the Cleric. He was a strong shield, but not a strong attacker.</p>
    <p>The Knight? Since he moved so slowly in that plate armor of his, he was currently being blown to bits by Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>The Elementalist? It was unknown what had happened, but the Ninja from Happy was able to get close to him through a sneak attack, so Zhao Yuzhe was also in a thorny situation. However, the greater threat was still behind him. After Soft Mist had switched places with Lord Grim, she sprinted straight towards him.</p>
    <p>What is happening?</p>
    <p>Fang Rui found it unimaginable. He didn't mean to be contemptuous towards Happy, but to be completely oppressed by Happy like this?</p>
    <p>"Retreat retreat retreat!"</p>
    <p>Regardless of this, Fang Rui was still a general who could take charge. Although he was shocked at their current state, he wasn't panicked. It was still too early to determine whether this was a victory or a loss. Wind Howl just needed to reorganize themselves. After all, their team made it to the semifinals last season, so it would be illogical for them to be completely oppressed by a new team like Happy. There was only one explanation: their attacks were too careless. Without having a clear plan behind their attacks, it became very easy for Happy to catch their weaknesses. </p>
    <p>Happy was able to catch this point and counterattacked. Every mix-up was aimed at their flaws, forcing them into a passive state, making it difficult for them to establish a steady tempo. Excellent Era was defeated in the same way in the Challenger League.</p>
    <p>At least Excellent Era had the advantage in equipment at the time. They had made preparations as well unlike Wind Howl. As a result, it wasn't surprising that Wind Howl was in an even more embarrassing situation.</p>
    <p>In any case, they should fully break away from the fight in order to cut off Happy's tempo. After that, they could start anew.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui thought. Instead of challenging Ye Xiu by himself, he quickly turned away to provide cover for his teammates to retreat.</p>
    <p>"In the end, it's the experienced players who are harder to deal with!" When Ye Xiu saw Fang Rui's decision, he couldn't help but sigh in his heart. However, he still continued to taunt: "Why are you running, you crude thief? Won't you listen to my lecture?"</p>
    <p>Fang Rui ignored him. He was regretful that the middle finger wasn't an emoji, otherwise, he would definitely pointing it at Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>Doubtful Demon continued to run. He continuously planted traps in order to shrink Happy's maneuver space. Lord Grim pursued him, but how could Fang Rui give him another chance to close in again? He increased his speed to sprint all over the place.</p>
    <p>Thieves weren't able to directly break through places like certain ferocious classes, but by letting him lay out his pieces in formation, the limitations that he created would affect the battle as a whole. Ye Xiu knew about this, but Fang Rui wasn't an opponent he could catch just by wanting to. The master of playing dirty wasn't a joke.</p>
    <p>As a result, Ye Xiu decided not to waste any more energy and switched targets.</p>
    <p>F*ck, this guy wants to kill Tang Hao!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui immediately perceived Ye Xiu's intentions. As expected, it was unrealistic for him to divert Ye Xiu's attention so easily</p>
    <p>In the end, it's the experienced players who are harder to deal with! Fang Rui came up with the same evaluation.</p>
    <p>The oppressed Tang Hao was finally able to find an opportunity to break out. After all, Steamed Bun couldn't oppress him forever</p>
    <p>Uppercut, Knee Attack, Powerful Knee Strike!</p>
    <p>Tang Hao delivered a wave of counterattacks after seizing the opportunity. He nailed Steamed Bun Invasion onto the wall in an instant.</p>
    <p>He then spun his view around. In the end, he still remembered to take note of their situation first and saw Soft Mist charging forward in a threatening and aggressive manner. Tang Rou originally intended to fight Zhao Yuzhe's Elementalist with Mo Fan, but when she saw Steamed Bun being knocked over by Tang Hao, she immediately assisted him first.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao let out a cold 'hmph'. He was incomparably confident in a direct confrontation.</p>
    <p>Demon Subduer didn't retreat and sprinted straight towards Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>You're fierce? I'll be even fiercer!</p>
    <p>Tang Hao liked this style.</p>
    <p>He wasn't afraid, so Tang Rou was even more fearless. When it seemed like the two characters were about to clash, Tang Hao took advantage of a Brawler's mid-ranged attacks and launched the first attack. As his body flickered, he sneakily threw out a Poison Needle.</p>
    <p>If you played a Brawler and couldn't play dirty, then you couldn't possibly be qualified to be called a Brawler. This class had many skills that were suited to trick people.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou didn't detect Demon Subduer's hidden Poison Needle sneak attack, so she was hit by it. Tang Hao seized the opening and used a Powerful Knee Strike. Right when his flying figure was about to crash into Soft Mist, he heard his teammate warn him to watch out.</p>
    <p>A sneak attack?</p>
    <p>Tang Hao laughed coldly. He knew that Steamed Bun Invasion was currently behind him and that the fellow was very restless.</p>
    <p>Tang Hao had been prepared. The Powerful Knee Strike was originally an attack that could fly out at high speed. If he slightly turned his body, how could a sneak attack hit him?</p>
    <p>As he turned, Tang Hao shot a glance at Steamed Bun Invasion behind him. The glance showed contempt: Little guy, if you want to play with me, you're still lacking!</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, a handful of sand immediately blinded Demon Subduer's eyes.</p>
    <p>Why would you use a Sand Toss when sneaking up on a person from behind??? Steamed Bun Invasion turned out to use it, so when Tang Hao turned his head to look, he happened to be hit by it.</p>
    <p>His screen completely blacked out as if the power was cut. Tang Hao was about to go mad.</p>
    <p>In order to prevent the opponent from closing up on him, he quickly used a chain of punches and kicks for the sake of self-defense. But then, a Satellite Beam dropped down from the sky and completely engulfed Demon Subduer.</p>
    <p>Supporting any spot on the map was one of Su Mucheng's strengths.</p>
    <p>Screen Cannon?</p>
    <p>This attack had an air of tactics to it. Fang Rui discovered that Happy's tempo provided many tactical options. Just a slight change could produce a different tactic. </p>
    <p>Tang Hao immediately fell back down after just gaining the upper hand.</p>
    <p>His other teammates were finally able to search for ways to retreat under Fang Rui's commands. The traps that the Doubtful Demon had buried started to reveal its might. The existence of traps was similar to the principle of a skill cooldown. As long as it was there and not set off, then it would be an excellent restriction and limitation. Fang Rui was able to see the awkwardness of Happy's formation in regards to the traps: They didn't bring their Cleric, so they definitely wouldn't dare to use methods like clear them out forcibly with their characters.</p>
    <p>Their tempo slowed down immediately, which met Fang Rui's expectation. The players from Wind Howl slowly started to withdraw.</p>
    <p>But their captain…</p>
    <p>Demon Subduer was forcefully kept there.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui was gloomy. Happy even used such a shameful method like abducting a hostage.</p>
    <p>Should they return and launch a total fight with Happy with the help of traps?</p>
    <p>It seemed that this was the only way!</p>
    <p>The four made slight adjustments before advancing as a whole. This time, they kept a complete a formation.</p>
    <p>Clang!</p>
    <p>A Spike Trap suddenly flipped up from the ground and clamped onto the Knight's ankle. It locked his foot, so he wasn't able to move.</p>
    <p>The Knight's player looked at Fang Rui with astonishment.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't know whether he should cry or laugh: "Are you stupid, is it even possible for it to be my trap?"</p>
    <p>Traps couldn't be triggered by allies, so there was no doubt that it had been placed there by Happy. Fang Rui knew Lord Grim's unspecialized possessed three traps. However, Fang Rui wasn't aware in the least about when this guy secretly planted his own trap among his.</p>
    <p>However, there were only three traps, so the threat wouldn't be too great. But the Spike Trap's effect in sealing one's movement was rather worrisome because their offense instantly became strangled.</p>
    <p>After that, Fang Rui realized that Ye Xiu did something even more shameful.</p>
    <p>He summoned a Goblin…...</p>
    <p>That's right, compared to clearing the traps on one's own, there was one method that was even more grievous for fellow Thieves. That was to... summon creatures to clear out the traps.</p>
    <p>Unspecialized characters were too shameless.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wept as he commanded everyone to destroy the goblin as soon as possible. However, under the command Ye Xiu's control, the goblin was abnormally nimble. It managed to step into three mines before it died a heroic death.</p>
    <p>He can remember the location of my traps better than me, Fang Rui thought with a tear-streaked face. If he had these methods earlier on, why did he only just use it? Fang Rui now understood, in fact, he understood too well. It was in order to get an opportunity to kill Demon Subduer.</p>
    <p>Although Tang Hao was strong, he still feared being grouped on. People like Fang Rui wanted to rescue him, but they needed a systematic approach in their rescue. Unfortunately, Ye Xiu's hidden trap was able to detonate Fang Rui's traps, which immediately messed up their plans. They could definitely continue to charge ahead, but if they did so, what difference would it be from the unplanned attacks they had launched previously? It would probably be oppressed by Happy in two or three moves again.</p>
    <p>Happy wasn't a jack of all trades team that they could forcefully take down by merely relying on their skills. Happy was a pro team, so they had their own strength.</p>
    <p>"Cut across to the right!" Fang Rui called. His traps on that side were in good condition and could still be used.</p>
    <p>Wind Howl's players finally came over and met up with Tang Hao. The battle started once more. However, Fang Rui's original tactical plans were cut into bits and pieces earlier on.</p>
    <p>Retreat after rescuing Tang Hao!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui already made up his mind. He was resolute in not fighting with Happy and going at their pace.</p>
    <p>They wanted to retreat, but Happy wouldn't allow it. The power of focusing a single target was extremely prominent. They charged towards Demon Subduer, refusing to give up until he died.</p>
    <p>When had Tang Hao ever been this type of target? Fury burned in his heart.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui didn't understand. If they attacked forcefully like this, they could indeed take out Demon Subduer, but without a Cleric, they would also take a lot of damage. Even if it was a 4v5, it was very possible for Wind Howl to wear them down to death!</p>
    <p>But considering the dungeon's contents, they would still have to face competition with the other teams. Without their ace player Tang Hao, they couldn't bear this trade!</p>
    <p>However, the current situation didn't leave them with any choice because Happy was the side attacking.</p>
    <p>Either the fish dies or the net splits... Fang Rui couldn't come up with any ideas. Tang Hao also seemed to have understood the situation, and that it was very possible for his character to die the earliest. However, he could also strive for the team's victory. Due to his professional attitude, he wasn't discouraged. In fact, he fought even fiercer than before. If he could exchange the team's victory by sacrificing himself, then he would have fulfilled his responsibilities as the ace.</p>
    <p>Demon Subduer finally fell. As Fang Rui had predicted, Team Happy had paid a great price for this kill.</p>
    <p>Let's see how you'll keep going! Fang Rui thought.</p>
    <p>He then heard Ye Xiu cry out: "F*ck, the shard wasn't on him? Retreat!"</p>
    <p>F*ck, that was their aim? Fang Rui felt like fainting...</p>
  </body>
</html>
