<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 175 – Three Chances Waiting For You</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 175 – Three Chances Waiting For You</h1>
    <p>Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash soared from Level 23 to Level 30 in a mere several days. This sort of leveling speed was even quicker than the big guild’s 24 hour online routine.</p>
    <p>The big guild’s characters were always at the front of the tenth server. You had to rely on yourself to resolve your own problems. Even though Ye Xiu and his group’s characters were a bit behind, their situation was about the same. They were slower because they weren’t able to play as much.</p>
    <p>The power leveling done by Qiao Yifan’s One Inch Ash didn’t lose to the amount of play time the big guild’s leading characters players had. For his character to level up so quickly, it was because his One Inch Ash started later. The situation was similar to those in the old servers.</p>
    <p>A character in any old server would definitely level faster than one in the new server. The reason was simple: there were people to carry them.</p>
    <p>Even though the tenth server didn’t have as many high-leveled characters as the old servers, for late starters like One Inch Ash, there would definitely be high-leveled characters to help him. The reason he was able to fully utilize the quickest substitution leveling was because of this.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu naturally knew about this. When he saw how quick One Inch Ash leveled, he had figured out that the character was being power leveled.</p>
    <p>As a result, Ye Xiu conducted a special training in Desolate Land today. That’s why after they finished their practice in Desolate Land, he urged everyone repeatedly to not level today.</p>
    <p>If they continued leveling, they would reach Level 31. Once they went past the level limit for the dungeon, the record they would set wouldn’t be accepted by the system.</p>
    <p>“I hope he’ll come early!” Tang Rou lamented, while carrying her teacup back to her seat.</p>
    <p>In game, Poplar Beach spammed messages in the world channel for another half an hour, while Ye Xiu was just doing his own thing. Ye Xiu would sometimes glance at the messages. The ones he didn’t see, well, he didn’t see. He clearly didn’t care about them.</p>
    <p>The night passed. They went to sleep when the sun rose.</p>
    <p>Club Tiny Herb.</p>
    <p>Pro-players obviously couldn’t have their days turn into nights like that, especially for someone like Qiao Yifan, who was on the verge of being kicked out. He didn’t dare make any mistakes. He would follow the Club’s scheduled break and practice time. During daytime practice, he didn’t dare get distracted, but once his free time came during the night, he immediately began researching Ghostblades. He would look at guides, watch recordings, and even bought two Ghostblades to experiment with personally.</p>
    <p>However, the character he was looking forward to playing the most was One Inch Ash, because with this character, he could be instructed personally by God Ye Qiu. When he thought of this, Qiao Yifan felt indescribably happy. He hadn’t been sleeping much recently, but he didn’t feel tired. Everyday he would sleep late and wake up early, yet he was still in glowing spirits. Even during the day, when he practiced his Assassin, he would feel that his performance had improved a bit, though he didn’t know whether or not that was because of his mental state.</p>
    <p>And today was the scheduled day when he would get his account back. In other words, this was the day, when his One Inch Ash hit Level 30. He could finally go to the tenth server and look for God Ye Qiu for his coaching. In the afternoon, Qiao Yifan got a little distracted and contacted the substitution leveler early. After confirming that there weren’t any problems, he felt even more ecstatic.</p>
    <p>“What happened, Yifan? You seem really happy.” During afternoon practice, his good friend Gao Yingjie saw Qiao Yifan’s happiness and couldn’t help but ask.</p>
    <p>“He he, am I really?” Qiao Yifan foolishly grinned.</p>
    <p>“Are you okay?” Gao Yingjie extended his hand to touch Qiao Yifan’s forehead.</p>
    <p>“Nothing’s wrong! I’m completely fine. Hurry, practice is starting.” Qiao Yifan dodged Gao Yingjie’s extended right hand. He retracted his foolish grin and sat down in front of his computer. But after a short while, the corners of his mouth began to rise up slightly again. This hadn’t escaped from Gao Yingjie’s eyes.</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie obviously knew that his good friend was hanging on a balance and that he was under a lot of pressure. Even though he was the Club’s new star, reputed as the successor to God Jiexi, he didn’t have much authority. There was really no way for him to help Qiao Yifan. Seeing how Qiao Yifan’s mood had been so unusually good, he was worried that something might have happened.</p>
    <p>When afternoon practice ended, Qiao Yifan hastily ran back to his room. Gao Yingjie wasn’t able to find an opportunity to talk to him. As an important new member in the Club, he would often have extra practice under God Jiexi’s instructions. Just as he was planning on chasing down Qiao Yifan, team captain Wang Jiexi had called for him.</p>
    <p>By the time extra practice had ended, it was already dinner time. Gao Yingjie rushed to the Club’s dining hall, but didn’t see Qiao Yifan. When he asked his other friends in the team, no one had noticed someone as invisible as Qiao Yifan. Surprisingly, no one had an answer to whether or not he had come to the dining hall.</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie ran to Qiao Yifan’s room. Similarly, Qiao Yifan wasn’t there either.</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie felt that something was amiss and didn’t know why his friend was acting like so. He didn’t want to report it to the team captain, so he hurriedly called Qiao Yifan’s cellphone number. Qiao Yifan picked up, and said that he had nothing to do after eating dinner, so he had gone outside to take a stroll…….</p>
    <p>“I’m coming back!” Qiao Yifan said to Gao Yingjie. He had gone out to retrieve his account card. Even though he could have received it by mail the next day, Qiao Yifan couldn’t wait any longer.</p>
    <p>However, he couldn’t let anyone in the Club know about this, which was why he had to quietly slip away. Though for someone as invisible as him, it wasn’t that hard. Who would have thought that his good friend had felt something was amiss? Qiao Yifan felt somewhat moved, but he wasn’t planning on telling Gao Yingjie the situation. This was his own choice. It had nothing to do with anyone else. Even though Gao Yingjie cared about him, he knew that Gao Yingjie wasn’t able to help him. If he kept on dragging Gao Yingjie along, he might even cause trouble for his friend’s future.</p>
    <p>By the time Qiao Yifan had returned from picking up his account card, it was already nine at night. Similar to how no one had noticed him leaving, no one had noticed him coming back. Just as he was about to open the door to his room, a voice suddenly called out to him. He turned around and saw Gao Yingjie walking over.</p>
    <p>“Yingjie ah, did you just finish your extra practice?” Qiao Yifan greeted him.</p>
    <p>“Yeah.” Gao Yingjie replied. He then asked casually: “Where’d you go?”</p>
    <p>“I just walked around randomly.” Qiao Yifan said.</p>
    <p>“Did……. something happen?” Gao Yingjie said.</p>
    <p>“Me? How could something have happened to me!” Qiao Yifan laughed, “It’s getting late. You should go to sleep. I’ll be going back!” Qiao Yifan said as he opened the door.</p>
    <p>“Oh…..” Gao Yingjie answered back in this way. In the end, he was still an introvert who wasn’t too good at conversations. He could see that Qiao Yifan had something on his mind, but he didn’t know how to ask about it, so he had been blocked out like this.</p>
    <p>Gao Yinjie stared blankly for a good while. In the end, he could only let out a sigh and return to his room.</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan went into his room and turned on his computer. He immediately opened up Glory and logged into his One Inch Ash account. When he came online, he saw Lord Grim online and felt a wave of excitement wash over him. He cautiously sent a message: “Senior, I’m already Level 30.”</p>
    <p>“Oh, pretty fast!” The reply was quick.</p>
    <p>“Let’s dungeon together at night! Is going past midnight okay?” Ye Xiu followed up and asked him.</p>
    <p>“No problem, no problem!” Qiao Yifan responded excitedly.</p>
    <p>“Good, do you still remember how to run Desolate Land?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“I remember!” Qiao Yifan said.</p>
    <p>“Good, but don’t lie! Our goal is to set this server’s record.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Really? Then I should go and review it again!” If he was any other pro-player, then he would have put Desolate Land as completely beneath him. But Qiao Yifan didn’t dare be negligent. This was his habit of being extremely cautious at work.</p>
    <p>“Okay, take a look then. We only have three chances.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Why?”</p>
    <p>“Because besides you, after three more runs, our team will probably hit Level 31.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Qiao Yifan checked the tenth server dungeon leaderboards. The 24:41:46 Desolate Land record made even him, a pro-player, startled.</p>
    <p>“The record is really high!” Qiao Yifan said to Ye Xiu in astonishment.</p>
    <p>“It is. You could even said that it’s the current limit.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Unless they have better equipment. But for a new server, their current equipment is pretty much at the limit as well.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“‘Then what are going to do?” Qiao Yifan asked.</p>
    <p>“Three chances. As long as you can assimilate into the team, breaking the record won’t be a problem.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Three times…….” Qiao Yifan didn’t have confidence. Confidence in himself was his biggest weakness.</p>
    <p>“Relax! It won’t be a problem if it’s you. I believe that you can do it, which is why I specifically left three chances waiting for you.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Waiting for me?” Qiao Yifan was startled.</p>
    <p>“Right, without your Phantom Demon, breaking this record would be really difficult.” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“But I’m still not very familiar with Phantom Demons yet.” Qiao Yifan panicked.</p>
    <p>“Three chances should be enough for you to get familiar enough at least in this dungeon. Don’t forget, you’re a pro-player too!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>You’re a pro-player too.</p>
    <p>These simple words should have just been simple words. However, Qiao Yifan had never heard these words before. He was used to being invisible. He was used to always being a sub and never going up on stage. He was used to always watching enviously in the shadows as Gao Yingjie was personally instructed by the team captain.</p>
    <p>Being in the champion team only gave him more pressure. While his other teammates were proud of themselves, he was always worried that he wasn’t good enough to be on the team.</p>
    <p>You’re a pro-player too.</p>
    <p>This type of assurance, this type of acknowledgement, didn’t come easy for Qiao Yifan. And having this coming out of God Ye Qiu’s mouth made these words carry even more weight.</p>
    <p>Seeing these words, Qiao Yifan’s pent up grievances gushed out. Tears began streaming out from his eyes. He replied, determined: “I am! Three times is more than enough!”</p>
  </body>
</html>
