<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1637 - If Life Were Long</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1637 - If Life Were Long</h1>
    <p>“Alright in what way?” Su Mucheng asked, very seriously. She walked forward, until she could see Ye Xiu’s expression.</p>
    <p>“That’s not the important point.” Ye Xiu lifted his head. He didn’t try to hide – he looked at Su Mucheng with a smile.</p>
    <p>They’d been together for many years, and their mutual understanding ran perhaps even deeper than they thought. Often, just one look was enough to understand the other’s intention. Ye Xiu knew what Su Mucheng was worried about, and he didn’t explain, nor did he try to cover it up. If he’d given that response to Chen Guo, she probably would have instantly filled with rage and yell at him about what was the important point. But Su Mucheng only nodded, and said nothing more.</p>
    <p>That’s not the important point.</p>
    <p>Now that they were here, only one thing was important: victory, champions!</p>
    <p>For the sake of this, he could pay anything. He could give up anything.</p>
    <p>And so Su Mucheng said nothing more. She would, while Ye Xiu was putting in all his effort, simply do all that she could to help him, to make that sole important point into reality. That was Ye Xiu’s important point, and it was her important point as well, it was the important point that no pro player would ignore.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu continued to organize the data. For every file, he had the habit of opening it to double check what it was, then saving it in the correct location. But when he opened the next recording, he didn’t immediately close and move it like he had with the others. The video continued to play, and Ye Xiu watched it blankly.</p>
    <p>Since it was a review of Samsara’s match, most of these files were of course material on Samsara. This video was as well, and onscreen, this season’s Best Partners Cloud Piercer and One Autumn Leaf were fighting side-by-side.</p>
    <p>Shocking talent, outstanding technique, these two characters charged forward and knocked all others out of their way, entering into an empty space. And this was an official match from the regular season. Just like that, the opponent fell into chaos from these two characters, and Samsara easily took the victory.</p>
    <p>Zhou Zekai, Sun Xiang.</p>
    <p>This duo had only become partners this season. Countless people had placed high hopes on them, believing that they would be the rulers of this next era of Glory. In his heart, Ye Xiu didn’t disagree.</p>
    <p>But right now, that wasn’t what he was thinking about. Su Mucheng watched him, and she too knew that he wasn’t thinking about that.</p>
    <p>“It’s a strange feeling, isn’t it?” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng knew what he was referring to, but she shook her head. “I don’t feel it… I actually never played Glory seriously with my brother.”</p>
    <p>“That’s right…” Ye Xiu nodded. At the time, he and Su Muqiu spent all day in front of the computer, playing games, but Su Muqiu had sent Su Mucheng to school. He didn’t want to raise his little sister into a pro gamer or pro player or anything like that. But this wasn’t because he felt that it was difficult or embarrassing. It was the opposite, in fact. Su Muqiu sincerely loved what he did. He loved gaming, he loved Glory, and he was proud of what he did.</p>
    <p>Regarding Su Mucheng, he simply took a neutral stance, neither supporting nor opposing.</p>
    <p>“For something like this, she has to choose herself!” That was what Su Muqiu said. At the time, he was still just a kid in his teens, but he talked like a life coach, carefully thinking about his little sister’s future.</p>
    <p>“She’s grown up watching us play games and Glory, I feel like she must have some interest, like when she named our characters…” Ye Xiu eyed the mistake in the name “One Autumn Leaf” onscreen.* To be honest, it had always bothered him.</p>
    <p>“Tsk, what do you know? Little kids often have a rebellious spirit. Maybe after seeing us play all day, she really hates it?” Su Muqiu said.</p>
    <p>“You can’t say that like it’s a given. Not every kid has a rebellious spirit,” said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Says the one who ran away from home?” Su Muqiu was unimpressed.</p>
    <p>“I raised a little brother, so I have experience,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Oh? How old is he?” Su Muqiu quickly asked.</p>
    <p>“Just a little younger than me, we’re twins,” said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Fuck off!” Su Muqiu replied with two words.</p>
    <p>“One Autumn Leaf! Autumn Tree**! Where’d you two run off to!!” At this moment, a number of messages from the group leader suddenly flashed in the chat.</p>
    <p>“Oh no, we’re going the wrong way,” Su Muqiu suddenly realized.</p>
    <p>“Damn, could you not get too distracted while chatting!” said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Where is this?” Su Muqiu quickly pulled up the map.</p>
    <p>“We can’t go back, that bridge back there breaks when the story’s triggered,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“We’ll have to fight our way through here.” Helpless, Su Muqiu adjusted his camera and looked forward.</p>
    <p>“That’s our only way…” Ye Xiu felt similarly helpless.</p>
    <p>And so the two of them continued forward. After half an hour, the system issued an announcement: One Autumn Leaf has killed Leader Sake, dungeon complete.</p>
    <p>“What the hell! What are those two bastards doing!!” All sorts of scolding instantly flooded the group. They had only made it halfway through the dungeon when the final Boss was already killed.</p>
    <p>“My bad, I took the last hit,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“So rude!” As Su Muqiu spoke, he pulled out a notebook and quietly made a note. The year, month, day, hour, minute, dungeon, Boss, final kill: One Autumn Leaf, 474th time.</p>
    <p>And himself? Su Muqiu flipped to a previous page. 318 times, what a gap!</p>
    <p>“How many times was that?” Ye Xiu leaned over.</p>
    <p>“Only 400, just a little ahead of me.” Su Muqiu closed his notebook with a snap.</p>
    <p>“Hehe, do you think you’ll ever have the chance to surpass me in your lifetime?” Ye Xiu laughed.</p>
    <p>“Kid, don’t be too reckless. The road of life is very long,” Su Muqiu scoffed.</p>
    <p>The road of life is very long…</p>
    <p>If the road of life really were so long, Ye Xiu thought, watching the video in silence, then what would be the two names recorded here now?</p>
    <p>Shaking his head, Ye Xiu closed the video.</p>
    <p>“Let’s go!” he called to Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>“Yeah,” Su Mucheng nodded, “let’s go.”</p>
    <p>“Do you find Glory fun?” As they walked out the door, Ye Xiu suddenly asked this question.</p>
    <p>“And what kind of important point is this?” Su Mucheng laughed.</p>
    <p>“Because we were actually never really sure,” said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“It’s very fun, I’m very sure,” said Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>“Then that’s good.” Ye Xiu let out a breath.</p>
    <p>“Why?”</p>
    <p>“Winning the championship will be even more fun,” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>“Of course,” said Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>“So…”</p>
    <p>“So what?”</p>
    <p>“What do you want for dinner?”</p>
    <p>“I don’t care.”</p>
    <p>“Let’s just wander around and find somewhere?”</p>
    <p>“Okay.”</p>
  </body>
</html>
