<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 369 – Trapped</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 369 – Trapped</h1>
    <p>As soon as they saw Steamed Bun Invasion, the group of players swimming for their lives towards the shore immediately turned cold. It wasn’t that Steamed Bun Invasion himself was scary, but rather that he had come at a crucial moment, indicating that their opponent had made preparations long beforehand. First, he had lured them into the water and then used the fact that these players weren’t experienced in water battles to teach them a good lesson.</p>
    <p>They had finally struggled back to shore, when their opponents appeared onshore to set up an ambush. There weren’t many of them, though; only three. However, the problem was that they had enemies both on land and in the water. Everyone couldn’t help but think of the phrase: to beat a drowning dog.</p>
    <p>“CHARGE!!!” Even though there was an unforeseen obstacle in front of them, if they stayed in the water, they would only be killed off by Lord Grim. At this moment, who knew how many of them yelled this out at the same time. The several players, who had already reached the shore, jumped ferociously in order to directly exit the water.</p>
    <p>While in the air, they suddenly heard three gunshots, which had come from the nearby grove . Obscured by the trees, the flash from an explosion could be seen and three artillery shells were sent flying over. Still in the air, they had nowhere to run to. They could only brandish their weapons and pray that they could chop down the artillery shells.</p>
    <p>In theory, this was possible, but apart from the pros, very few could actually accomplish it. Right now, they were controlling their movements in the air, but they also wanted to hit a high speed artillery shell. These players simply didn’t have the skill to do that.</p>
    <p>The three artillery shells connected with the several players that had shot out of the water, instantly exploding. The shockwaves from the blast sent the players flying. Several splashes could be heard. Of the five players who had jumped out, four had been sent directly back into the water.</p>
    <p>The fifth person jumped over the explosion. Just as he was feeling proud of himself, he hadn’t yet landed when a Brick hit him from the side. Following Steamed Bun Invasion, Soft Mist rushed forward and thrust forward with a Double Stab. A streak of blood flew through the air and this brother was also sent back into the water with a “Splash!” The difference, though, was that after entering the water, a cloud of red could be seen floating on top of the water. Blood was pouring out. Tang Rou’s Double Stab had hit in the same place twice, causing a Bleed status.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion. Soft Mist. These two were the brave generals in Lord Grim’s dungeon team. No one dared to look down on them.</p>
    <p>Who was that person shooting from the grove? They hadn’t seen him clearly. However, Misty Castle’s players were even more quiet than any other guild. This was because this person made them think of the player who had recently left their guild, Horse Shooter.</p>
    <p>There was still one more standing on the shoreside. No one recognized him, but in their eyes, the threat from this person was even greater than the other three. That was because this person was a Summoner. He had already summoned a mob of creatures and had arranged them in a line along the shore, blocking their path from the shore.</p>
    <p>Were they not confident in beating the Summoner? These experts wouldn’t go that far, but the main point was that it would waste time! With the summoned creatures in the way, Steamed Bun Invasion and Soft Mist would have time to arrive and throw them back into the water, no?</p>
    <p>Another name from their team list faded away. Another had unexpectedly died in the water. The attentive ones immediately discovered that this player was one of the players that had been tossed back into the water. Lord Grim and Cleansing Mist had caught him and he died very quickly.</p>
    <p>Behind them were pursuers, and in front of them was a blockade. These guild leaders had experienced many battles before. It wasn’t as if they had never seen this scene before and instantly figured out what advantages would help them escape.</p>
    <p>“Scatter!” Changing Spring shouted.</p>
    <p>Everyone else immediately followed.</p>
    <p>No matter the case, they had the advantage in numbers. Happy’s players were using few to surround many. Even though they had been successful, they couldn’t cover the entire field. If they split up, some might die, but the majority of them would be able to escape.</p>
    <p>As a result, the players in the water acted instantly and began swimming either to the left or to the right.</p>
    <p>With enemies behind them and enemies in front of them, what other direction could they run in other than left or right?</p>
    <p>There was nothing Ye Xiu could do about them splitting up, so he could only split his forces as well. Those in the water would chase after one side, while those on shore would block the other side, but his opponents split up again. No one pulled along any partners with them. It was every man for themselves and their forces became even more scattered.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou’s group didn’t go down into the water. They stayed on shore, chasing them. Even these experienced players from the top guilds were like noobs in the water. For players like Tang Rou and Steamed Bun Invasion, no matter how good their mechanics were, they would need practice before they could do anything in the water. They’d be even more nooby than the guild players.</p>
    <p>As for Concealed Light, he didn’t need to be said. The line of summoned creatures on shore, now that was a bluff! In fact, the palms of his hands were drenched in sweat. They had been too cautious. If they had courageously charged at the Summoner, they would have immediately known that these summoned creatures were basically the same as paper. Their controller’s skill level was too poor.</p>
    <p>In the end, the blockades onshore wasn’t able to block anything. The players in the water swam along the shore for a bit and then went on their own way. Some turned around to keep swimming. Some continued to swim along the shore. Others even swam into deeper waters. Tang Rou’s group didn’t know who to chase, when Tang Rou suddenly received a message from Ye Xiu: “Chase after the ones who turned around.”</p>
    <p>“Okay!”</p>
    <p>Tang Rou received the message and called out to everyone to immediately go back and chase after the ones who had turned around to run. As a result, those who hadn’t turned around, waited for a chance to get back onto land.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou looked and wanted to turn around to kill them, but Ye Xiu seemed to have guessed what was on her mind and messaged: “Ignore them, keep chasing.”</p>
    <p>“Why?” Tang Rou was only controlling her Soft Mist to run along the shore, so she had the time to reply.</p>
    <p>“Many players. Hard to fight.” Ye Xiu seemed to be busy, so he didn’t say much.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou turned to look. There were already almost ten players that had climbed onto the shore. Tang Rou knew that these were all experts. One on one wouldn’t be a problem, but if there were so many of them, if they had a strategy as well, she didn’t think that she could fight them.</p>
    <p>Understanding Ye Xiu’s intent, Tang Rou continued to chase after those who had turned back, along with Steamed Bun Invasion and Concealed Light.</p>
    <p>But these players’ minds were quite clear. Seeing that there were players over there that had gotten onto land, they immediately turned around again, heading in the direction where others were getting out of the water, clearly to look for help.</p>
    <p>“What do we do?” Tang Rou was at a loss. She had the mechanics, but her ability to think was very far off.</p>
    <p>“Keep chasing.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou immediately told everyone else and then turned around, too.</p>
    <p>It hadn’t been easy for those ten or so players to get onto dry land. Seeing Soft Mist’s group running towards them, they immediately began arranging their team. Even though they weren’t at Ye Qiu’s or Su Mucheng’s level, they didn’t dare to look down on them. Last time, when they chased after Lord Grim and the others, Soft Mist had slaughtered her way out of Congee City by herself. They had heard of her might. Even though there hadn’t been any elite experts there at that time, to be able to slaughter her away out of such a large mob, no one dared to say that they had the same level of mechanics and courage as her.</p>
    <p>“Hurry, hurry. Heal! Heal!!”</p>
    <p>The ten or so players busily ran about in disorder. Some of them had taken damage in the water and were hurriedly urging the Clerics to heal them. The aquatic battle had been so chaotic that, let alone coordination, the Clerics had even forgotten to do even the most basic support.</p>
    <p>The Clerics in the team were bustling around and white light swept down. Those who were still in the water gradually grew braver as they saw that they were getting closer to the shore. The ten or so players finished arranging themselves. As a result, they moved forward instead of retreating, rushing towards Tang Rou’s group.</p>
    <p>“What now?” Tang Rou asked Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Kill!” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“What? Then why didn’t you let me do that earlier?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Then, were you going to let those in the water run away?” Ye Xiu asked back.</p>
    <p>“How evil!” Tang Rou said.</p>
    <p>“You don’t like it?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“It’s exactly what I like.” Tang Rou replied with a smiley face.</p>
    <p>“Is it going to be a problem?” Ye Xiu asked.</p>
    <p>“Perhaps. Maybe a little…..” In the All-Star Weekend, Tang Rou had thoroughly witnessed the phrase: no matter how good you think you are, there is always someone out there that is better. The pros’ mechanics, as well as the coordination in the All-Star Team Competition, had made her a lot more modest. She was slowly discovering the difference between herself and a true expert.</p>
    <p>“You can send some back into the water.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Ah? You’re in the water?” Tang Rou asked.</p>
    <p>“Of course.”</p>
    <p>“Where?”</p>
    <p>“Not too far from you. Don’t worry about me and just send them my way. Anyone that falls into the water will be mine.” Ye Xiu replied.</p>
    <p>“Got it!” Tang Rou closed the message. The ten or so enemies had arrived and several players in the water were preparing to jump out. Tang Rou hadn’t said anything yet, when Steamed Bun Invasion took the initiative and shouted: “Kill! Concealed Light, follow your bro forward!!”</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion’s loud voice had made the ten or so players turn sluggish. They could bear with Soft Mist’s yelling, but this Steamed Bun Invasion was a mere Level 33 and that Summoner Concealed Light was only Level 34. Where did these two brothers get such confidence?</p>
    <p>The ten or so players looked around them, puzzled. They knew that the grove had a Launcher hidden somewhere inside. Could there be more players hiding in the grove?</p>
    <p>“Uh oh! Could there be more waiting in ambush?” someone directly said.</p>
    <p>“There’s no retreat! Let’s go forward first!” another yelled.</p>
    <p>The group of three charged forward bravely. The ten or so players continued to cautiously pay attention to the grove and any other place where players could hide in, afraid of an ambush.</p>
    <p>“Pu…….”</p>
    <p>Because they hadn’t been focused on what was in front of them, one of the ten players was smashed in the face by a Brick from Steamed Bun Invasion.</p>
    <p>“F*ck, I thought they were experts.” Steamed Bun Invasion smacked a Brick in one of their faces and then even looked down on them.</p>
    <p>“F*cker!” The Berserker that was hit by the Brick immediately turned furious. He lifted his Greatsword and crashed towards them with a Collapsing Mountain.</p>
  </body>
</html>
