<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1460 - Advance Bravely</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1460 - Advance Bravely</h1>
    <p>What an opportunity!</p>
    <p>Even though this opportunity didn’t belong to him, Huang Shaotian couldn’t help but feel excited at any opportunity he saw.</p>
    <p>Would Su Mucheng be able to grasp an opportunity like this?</p>
    <p>While everyone else hadn’t even realized what was going on, Huang Shaotian was already beginning to worry about whether the opponent would miss the opportunity. No matter what, opportunity was always an exceptionally beautiful thing to him.</p>
    <p>She didn’t miss it!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain’s swinging cannon opening suddenly steadied, and sparks flew outward.</p>
    <p>“Ah!”</p>
    <p>For the audience, this attack came too quickly. Even though they had been wondering why Su Mucheng wasn’t firing any attacks to give Huang Shaotian some difficulty, this fire that now came from Dancing Rain still felt off.</p>
    <p>It was just this attack, but it caused so much difficulty!</p>
    <p>This one shot broke Huang Shaotian’s Vanishing Step. That wasn’t all – after this shot, Dancing Rain gracefully twisted in the air, and where before she had seemed helplessly tossed around in the air, she now very steadily aimed her cannon right at Troubling Rain.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>The cannonfire was like a pouring rainstorm. Troubling Rain was instantly swallowed whole.</p>
    <p>Breaking the Vanishing Step?</p>
    <p>Everyone discovered that they had underestimated that first shot that Su Mucheng had fired. It had been the herald of the counterattack. In the blink of an eye, the situation had completely flipped on its head.</p>
    <p>How did this happen?</p>
    <p>Everyone was speechless. The Blue Rain fans in the stadium who had been cheering had issued a few sighs of regret at that first shot, but now that things were like this, it was as though their necks had been collectively broken. No sound came from them anymore.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>In their ears there was only the sound of Dancing Rain’s cannonfire, eating away bit by bit at Troubling Rain’s health. And Dancing Rain was using this combo to slowly fall to the ground. The whole offensive was completed while she was in motion – to restrict Huang Shaotian to the point where he was completely helpless, it was clear how perfect Su Mucheng’s control was. Huang Shaotian was the kind of person who only needed the barest hint of an opportunity to pull off a trick.</p>
    <p>30%…</p>
    <p>20%…</p>
    <p>10%…</p>
    <p>Once a pro player established an offensive, the opponent’s health could be cut down this quickly.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s fans in the audience had grown pale. At 10%, the health bar became red, signaling the danger of the situation. But the combo still hadn’t been interrupted, and Su Mucheng still had the initiative. A distance of 21 body lengths could still be fully covered by the cannonfire.</p>
    <p>Her Firing Line?</p>
    <p>Everyone was in a daze as they watched Dancing Rain attack. Today’s Su Mucheng was so powerful, it had taken everyone aback.</p>
    <p>Keep fighting!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s fans were furiously cheering on Huang Shaotian in their hearts, but they didn’t dare make a sound, as though any sound would distract him.</p>
    <p>“You’re trying to take me down in one go?”</p>
    <p>But before anyone distracted him, Huang Shaotian was already distracting himself, sending a message in the chat.</p>
    <p>This was the talkativeness that so many people hated, but now that this sentence appeared, it instantly reassured everyone.</p>
    <p>The fact that Huang Shaotian was still trash-talking meant that he hadn’t given up yet. He was definitely still brimming with fighting spirit.</p>
    <p>He would definitely find an opportunity to counterattack!</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s fans were instantly filled with confidence and anticipation.</p>
    <p>And Huang Shaotian didn’t disappoint.</p>
    <p>Sword’s Divine Judgment!</p>
    <p>A ring of sword energy rippled through the cannonfire, slicing through the shots with a series of booms.</p>
    <p>Sword’s Divine Judgment, this wasn’t a skill that could be adjusted with minute inputs. The only thing that could be controlled was the timing of the skill’s start. To achieve this effect now, this was an opportunity that could be encountered but not begged for. Yet this was Huang Shaotian, and he instantly seized the chance.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>With the bonus from Sword’s Divine Judgment, Triple Slash became even faster. With three flashes of swordlight, Troubling Rain finally broke free from the Firing Line that Su Mucheng had established.</p>
    <p>But Dancing Rain’s cannon was still locked onto him.</p>
    <p>There was nowhere for Huang Shaotian to dodge, and Troubling Rain only had 8% health remaining. For a Launcher, this was low enough that one powerful attack could take him down.</p>
    <p>His options were limited. Retreat and then find another chance to ambush? He might not get a better chance than the one he had now. His target was right before his eyes.</p>
    <p>Advance!</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian controlled Troubling Rain to charge forward, toward Dancing Rain’s cannon pointed at him.</p>
    <p>In his eyes, this wasn’t just the character of an opponent. This was a struggle for the championship, and all obstacles needed to be shattered with his sword. This was the path that could not be avoided.</p>
    <p>No turning back. Curving Wind Form!</p>
    <p>The skill was released, carrying the boost from the Sword’s Divine Judgment. Faster. Fiercer.</p>
    <p>The sword energy retracted, and Dancing Rain had no choice but to crash into the tip of the sword, but the cannon in her hands was steady.</p>
    <p>This was the moment that would decide victory!</p>
    <p>Everyone stared with eyes open wide, watching the swordlight and cannonfire meld together, shining brilliantly. On this stage, this was everyone’s goal, their dream, their glory.</p>
    <p>Everyone.</p>
    <p>But only one person could be the last one standing.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng, Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>After a period of calm, she was the one who stood at the very end.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian lost, Blue Rain lost. In the group arena, the choice of map had demonstrated how much they had prepared, but in the end, Happy had obtained victory.</p>
    <p>Was Blue Rain’s performance bad?</p>
    <p>No one would think so.</p>
    <p>The players of both teams had performed excellently. But there could only be one winner. That was all it was.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng and Huang Shaotian walked out of their competitor booths together, to be met with a quiet stadium.</p>
    <p>This battles was undoubtedly the most fierce and exciting of all the group arena battles today. The entire fight had been conducted under extremely dangerous conditions, where one mistake could spell defeat. During the entire battle, the audience felt that they didn’t even have the time to take a breath. Now that it was over, it was clear that Huang Shaotian’s performance was faultless, and there wasn’t really anything to criticize about the performance of Blue Rain as a whole. But, they had lost, and this ending made their hearts heavy.</p>
    <p>They had already lost an away game. Now, they were playing their home game, but they had still lost the group arena.</p>
    <p>With the new playoffs competition format, losing one point in the group arena wouldn’t affect the team competition that much. But just from the current mood of the fans, it was clear that although it didn’t affect the numbers much, people’s emotions weren’t so robotic.</p>
    <p>As the two players walked offstage, the ones who reacted first were Happy’s fans in the west seating area. A thrilling process with victory as the outcome, was there anything more they could ask for in this match? Happy’s fans had full reason to go wild with excitement.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain’s fans came to their senses after seeing Happy’s celebrations. The team was already behind, they were already at the critical hour. As fans, how could they be so downtrodden, how could they spread their negative emotions so casually?</p>
    <p>They were Blue Rain’s loyal supporters. They sat here today to wait for Team Blue Rain’s victory.</p>
    <p>They might not be able to help the players onstage, but offstage, they could at least help the team keep their spirits up!</p>
    <p>“Go Blue Rain!” It wasn’t clear who started it, but soon, the sound filled the entire stadium. All of the Blue Rain fans came together. Now wasn’t the time to wallow in melancholy. The situation was serious for them, and so it was more important than ever to boost morale.</p>
    <p>“We’re only one point behind, the situation isn’t too bad.”</p>
    <p>And so everyone began to think this way. Of course, they hope that Blue Rain’s players would also be able to take this kind of mindset. The fans couldn’t directly change the players’ moods. They could only try and shape the atmosphere of the stadium to motivate the players.</p>
    <p>They watched Huang Shaotian, watched him return to Blue Rain’s player area, watched as the other Blue Rain players surrounded him.</p>
    <p>“I swear, Su Mucheng was hacking today!” Huang Shaotian said indignantly, standing in the middle.</p>
    <p>Everyone laughed.</p>
    <p>“In the team competition, we also need to pay attention to her performance,” said Yu Wenzhou.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain immediately entered the rhythm of preparing for the upcoming team competition. They didn’t speak a single word more about the situation of the group arena.</p>
    <p>“We’re only one point behind, the situation isn’t too disastrous,” was the mantra that the fans were using to reestablish their confidence. But on Blue Rain’s side, there was no mention at all.</p>
    <p>Without wasting a single moment, Blue Rain was already beginning to plan for the team competition.</p>
    <p>They’d prepared before the match, of course, but in the stadium, there would always be minor adjustments depending on the performance of the opponents during the group arena. Today, for example, Su Mucheng’s condition was exceptionally outstanding, so in team competition they would have to pay attention to her.</p>
    <p>Team Blue Rain was already entirely immersed in the rhythm of the team competition.</p>
    <p>What about Happy? After all, they had a number of rookies, and so it would be hard for them to match the mature mood of Blue Rain. But Ye Xiu didn’t say anything to dampen their spirits after their victory.</p>
    <p>“Keep up this momentum, let’s crush them in the team competition!” Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>Crush them! Facing Blue Rain, even Samsara wouldn’t dare use this kind of wording. But Ye Xiu used it, and Happy’s members didn’t treat it like a big deal.</p>
    <p>“Watch me, Boss!” Steamed Bun said, with unparalleled confidence.</p>
    <p>“It’s up to you, Steamed Bun,” said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>“Of course,” said Steamed Bun. He made all sorts of arrogant faces at Blue Rain’s player area, with the look of a conqueror.</p>
    <p>“Good luck, Steamed Bun,” everyone said.</p>
    <p>The break between the group arena and the team competition was rapidly drawing to a close. With the judge’s signal, the players of the two teams began to enter. Everyone leaned forward to get a better look at the rosters of both sides.</p>
    <p>Blue Rain: Yu Wenzhou, Huang Shaotian, Lu Hanwen, Zheng Xuan, Xu Jingxi, Song Xiao.</p>
    <p>Exactly the same as the previous round.</p>
    <p>Happy’s side had some adjustments, though. Last round’s Wei Chen, who had ties to Blue Rain, did not appear this time. He and Qiao Yifan had been swapped out with Tang Rou and Steamed Bun this round. Happy’s team competition roster this time was: Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, Fang Rui, Steamed Bun, An Wenyi, Tang Rou.</p>
    <p>Among them, it was unsurprising that the three All-Star level players Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, and Fang Rui appeared. So far, these three players made the most consistent appearances. An Wenyi, of course, couldn’t be left out of the team competition. So, when Happy made adjustments, it would be of the other two slots, and this time, Happy switched them both.</p>
  </body>
</html>
