<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1213: A Continuously Updating Record</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1213: A Continuously Updating Record</h1>
    <p>Pu!</p>
    <p>A cloud of purple smoke exploded, and Lord Grim disappeared into it. Facing Dark Forest's Shadow Dance, Ye Xiu had Lord Grim surprisingly throw down the Ninja skill, Smoke Bomb, to counter it.</p>
    <p>However, the purple smoke was only a cover; it didn't allow him to turn invisible. Dark Forest's shadow clones charged into the smoke. Li Hua switched his viewpoint around even faster. The purple smoke only lowered his visibility, it didn't make him blind. With so many shadow clones and so many eyes, Li Hua kept on switching between clones until he found Lord Grim soon afterwards.</p>
    <p>Li Hua was calm. All of his shadow clones gathered into one spot and marched forward together.</p>
    <p>Numerous ninja blades stabbed towards Lord Grim.　　</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>Surrounded on all sides, Lord Grim had no way of dodging, and the numerous blades pierced into Lord Grim. However, Lord Grim poofed into smoke and became one with the surrounding purple fog.</p>
    <p>Shadow Clone Technique!</p>
    <p>Li Hua reacted. If not for the Smoke Bomb affecting his vision, with his skill as the Number One Ninja, he could easily distinguish between a fake and a real body. However, he had fallen for it. All of his clones had gathered into one spot, but their attacks only hit a clone.</p>
    <p>Where's his real body?</p>
    <p>A purple shadow flashed out from the purple smoke. Because of the closeness in color, the shadow could only be seen by relying on the disturbances in the flow of the smoke.</p>
    <p>Witch Skill: Night Cloak.</p>
    <p>The group of Dark Forest clones were bound together by the Night Cloak.</p>
    <p>Earthquake Sword!</p>
    <p>The earth tumbled in the smoke, and a Spellblade Earthquake Sword swept over the bundled together Dark Forest shadow clones, rocking them wildly. A grenade rolled over.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The grenade exploded and the shadow clones poofed one after the other. These clones didn't have much health. After taking heavy damage, they faded away. Lord Grim could finally be seen. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella extended outwards, curving at the top - an Exorcist's scythe.　</p>
    <p>Rising Emblem!</p>
    <p>A blue ring of light floated above the ground, and the remaining shadow clones rose into the air. Lord Grim rushed forward, sweeping at them with his scythe. The frail shadow clones instantly disappeared. The only one remaining was Dark Forest's real body.</p>
    <p>Collapsing Mountain!</p>
    <p>The attacks didn't stop as Lord Grim swung his blade.　</p>
    <p>Li Hua didn't dare fight head on. Dark Forest quickly formed a hand seal and then disappeared.</p>
    <p>There was no substitute straw nor a shadow clone left behind, yet to suddenly disappear could only mean...　　</p>
    <p>With a Collapsing Mountain to quickly drop to the ground, Ye Xiu didn't pause, immediately having Lord Grim leap backwards.　　</p>
    <p>Dark Forest drilled out of the ground, Underground Tunneling Technique.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had leapt backwards, but it didn't seem to be enough. However, the sword in his hands suddenly pointed in front of him.　　</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim didn't dodge. When he jumped back, he readied this skill, timing it so that it would clash with Dark Forest's ninja blade.</p>
    <p>Ding!</p>
    <p>Dark Forest tumbled back, while Lord Grim was left hanging in the air.　　</p>
    <p>Storm Shuriken!</p>
    <p>Dark Forest didn't wait to stand up and threw a Storm Shuriken at Lord Grim.　　</p>
    <p>A sword light flashed. A Sword Draw accurately connected with the Storm Shuriken.</p>
    <p>However, the word Storm indicated this shuriken's might. It wasn't something a Sword Draw outpriotized. Storm Shuriken broke through the Sword Draw and stubborn continued onwards.</p>
    <p>Moonlight, Full Moonlight Slash.</p>
    <p>Two beautiful arcs and two clear rings. Lord Grim quickly used the Ghostblade's two combo slash, and with these three consecutive skills, he was able to knock down the Storm Shuriken.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was still in the air. Dark Forest stood up and attacked.　　</p>
    <p>Ninjutsu - Flickering Pursuit.</p>
    <p>The difficult-to-see shadow arrived in front of Lord Grim in the blink of an eye. One attack, hit. His shadow flickered, and he appeared behind Lord Grim. Another attack...</p>
    <p>Third hit!</p>
    <p>Dark Forest's Silver weapon, Sixteen Dark Nights, stabbed silently without light. But this time, the blade didn't strike the body. Lord Grim had grabbed it.</p>
    <p>It wasn't possible to do such fine movements through normal inputs, which meant it was a skill.</p>
    <p>Back Throw!</p>
    <p>Dark Forest's head crashed into the ground. Li Hua was dumbstruck. He was in disbelief. To be able to grab someone in the middle of Body Pathway Derangement, what type of judgement and mechanical skill did he have?</p>
    <p>After falling to the ground, Dark Forest was stepped on by Lord Grim, who fired at his head repeatedly, Punisher!</p>
    <p>Dark Forest immediately rolled in an attempt to get up and Lord Grim also jumped back, but Lord Grim was prepared for his roll.</p>
    <p>Long ranged attacks used at close range were too fast to dodge.</p>
    <p>Dark Forest, who was in mid-roll, was unable to dodge Lord Grim's bullet and was hit.</p>
    <p>The damage wasn't high, but… it stunned. This was a Spitfire's Stun Bullet. Lord Grim calmly chased after him and started attacking.</p>
    <p>"Tsk…" the commentator Pan Lin sighed, shaking his head.</p>
    <p>"The unspecialized's skill options really make it difficult to defend against!" Li Yibo said. "He has too many similar skills at his disposal. For example, knockup skills, knockback skills, charge skills, skills that every class possesses. However, these classes usually just have one or two of these skills, but he has access to all of them. Just take knockup skills. Every class can get 4 low-leveled ones, but he gets 24. The available options that he has is too much. For the average player, just these 24 knockup skills is enough to juggle them in the air endlessly until death."</p>
    <p>"But I've never seen him play like that." Pan Lin said.</p>
    <p>"Of course, he's playing against pro players, after all. They shouldn't be getting juggled to death. I didn't raise this example to talk about this though. I'm pointing out that with so many options, he has practically no cooldowns because most of the time, he can find a similar skill to substitute what he wants. Low-level skills have short cooldowns too. This one's on cooldown, but that one is off cooldown," Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"Mm, we understand Coach Li's reasoning. In reality, it isn't his class that's crucial, but the weapon in his hands. The Myriad Manifestations Umbrella eliminates the cooldown required for switching weapons, allowing him to freely use whatever class skills he wants," Pan Li said.</p>
    <p>　　</p>
    <p>"Yes… without the Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, it's not possible to play in this way." Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>The discussion going on between these two wasn't anything new. Ye Xiu already had eleven consecutive wins. These problems could be seen in each of his wins. Fortunately, Happy's matches weren't always the broadcasted highlight matches. If not, this discussion would be repeated so many times that the viewers would have insects crawling out of their ears.　　</p>
    <p>The Stun Bullet into comboed Li Hua found an opening and used Substitution Technique to escape. But right when he turned around, he saw that Lord Grim was already in front of him.</p>
    <p>"See," Li Yibo yelled, "Charge, Shining Cut, and then Colliding Stab, what class can use so many movement skills in a row! The distance gained by Dark Forest using Substitution Technique should have completely safe against any class, but Lord Grim was able to use three high-speed movement skills to instantly close the gap."</p>
    <p>Pu!</p>
    <p>While Li Yibo was chattering, Dark Forest was pierced through by Lord Grim's Colliding Stab and then with a fling, Dark Forest crashed into the mountain wall.</p>
    <p>"Sigh, there's no suspense!"</p>
    <p>"This map indeed isn't very suitable for Ninjas."</p>
    <p>"Ye Xiu is also very cunning. All the maps that he chooses force the other side to have a direct fight with him, however, none of his opponents can defend against the unspecialized's offensive."</p>
    <p>"But he hasn't met another God yet."</p>
    <p>"That's true, the Gods are always the anchors in the group arena…"</p>
    <p>Pan Lin were already declaring this as Ye Xiu's victory ahead of time. Reality proved their predictions true. In the end, Li Hua was unable to stop Ye Xiu from continuing with his record.</p>
    <p>"12 consecutive wins…" Pan Lin said.　　</p>
    <p>"Yeah…"</p>
    <p>Happy won the first round of the individual competition. Ye Xiu's 12 consecutive wins was added to Glory's history books. Not only was he setting this record, he was continuously updating it. Just like what Pan Lin sighed, "How many consecutive wins is he going to stop at?"</p>
    <p>After Ye Xiu, Happy's Ninja, Mo Fan, went on stage. The map that he chose was incomparably complex. Deception appeared and disappeared like the gods and devils, eventually grinding down the opponent to death. His victory wasn't easy though. In two of his ambushes, the other side was the one who controlled the flow, especially the second time. He was almost burst to death. At this moment, Mo Fan's reason for choosing a Ninja showed. Smoke Bomb, Substitution Technique, Shadow Clone Technique, Ninjas had quite a few escape skills.</p>
    <p>After Mo Fan was Su Mucheng. Her artillery fire helped Happy win another match, completing the individual competition with a clean 3 to 0. The strong team Misty Rain seemed unable to stop Happy's recent momentum, which annoyed those like Ruan Cheng who wanted to ridicule Happy.</p>
    <p>"You guys are playing well!" Boss Chen Guo led the applause, celebrating their three wins in the individual competition.</p>
    <p>"Good, next up, watch us!" Fang Rui stood up and shouted. He often went on stage in the group arena appearing as the lead of the group arena.</p>
    <p>Under Fang Rui's lead, Happy won another 2 points in the group arena.</p>
    <p>The crowd cheered. Happy was on its way to a 10-0! The map chosen for the team competition was more important, which also meant that the home team had a greater advantage. As Happy improved, their teamwork was becoming better and better. With the individual competition and group arena won, the fans were very confident for the team competition.</p>
    <p>The players going up for the team competition were all actively preparing for it, whether that be calming their emotions or stretching their shoulders and fingers.</p>
    <p>"Nervous?" Ye Xiu suddenly asked the person next to him.</p>
    <p>"What are you joking?" Wei Chen turned his head as if he had heard the greatest joke of the century.</p>
    <p>"That's good," Ye Xiu chuckled.</p>
    <p>"Got any cigarettes? Hand me one," Wei Chen said.</p>
    <p>"Smoking is prohibited…" Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Sigh, back then was the best… now we can't even smoke." Wei Chen looked up at the spacious stadium. When he had been competing, there hadn't been such beautiful stadiums nor had there been so many rules.</p>
    <p>"Let's go!" Ye Xiu patted his back.</p>
    <p>"With this old man, this match will be a piece of cake!" Wei Chen said, standing.</p>
  </body>
</html>
