<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1606 - You Shouldn’t Have Tried to Play Dirty In Front of Me</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1606 - You Shouldn’t Have Tried to Play Dirty In Front of Me</h1>
    <p>This distance!</p>
    <p>The audience felt their hearts jump. The stalagmites scattered around the cave weren’t arranged densely together. Most of the time, the distance between them was too far to cover in a single jump. Du Ming had chosen two relatively close stalagmites, but it seemed a bit sketchy. Was he going to make it?</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost fell from the air. It didn’t seem like he would make it. The Samsara fans had already started crying out in alarm. Then, they saw Moon Luring Frost take a step in the air. His foot landed on the stalagmite, and with a push, he was able to bring his entire body over onto it.</p>
    <p>Applause!</p>
    <p>Even though it had just been a normal jump, that final step made it seem like he had just barely made it. The fans couldn’t help but cheer out of joy.</p>
    <p>With a new view of his surroundings, Du Ming quickly looked around, but Boundless Sea was nowhere to be seen. In the meantime, the viewers also took a look, paying attention to any nearby stalagmites. Apart from going back the way he came, it didn’t seem like there was any other stalagmite he could jump to. Moon Luring Frost could take a step in the air, but he couldn’t take two steps, could he?</p>
    <p>The normal players could tell that this time, there was no way he could jump to any other stalagmite. However, Du Ming didn’t seem to have noticed. Moon Luring Frost turned and went for a stalagmite that was clearly too far away.</p>
    <p>This time, not only did their hearts jump along with Moon Luring Frost’s jump, the crowd went straight for cries of alarm. There was no way he would reach it. He would land in front of it, and his view would then be blocked. Moon Luring Frost faced the stalagmite squarely, showing his determination…</p>
    <p>But in the game, jumping power was a number. Determination wouldn’t change anything!</p>
    <p>Then, they noticed that although Moon Luring Frost was facing the stalagmite, he was jumping slightly off center.</p>
    <p>This is?</p>
    <p>The audience able to immediately figure out Du Ming’s goal using their omniscient view of the map. There was a stalactite hanging down from the ceiling. He wanted to jump off this stalactite to make a second jump, which would make it possible for him to reach the intended stalagmite.</p>
    <p>That was exactly what happened. Moon Luring Frost went for the stalactite first. He pushed off of it and then jumped gently onto the new stalagmite.</p>
    <p>After seeing this jump, the audience immediately started paying attention to the stalactites, realizing that there were actually a lot of them that he could use. This sort of jump might be a bit tricky for normal players to successfully perform, but there was no way a pro player would make a mistake at something as fundamental as this.</p>
    <p>With a new view of his surroundings, Du Ming once again looked around, but he still didn’t see Boundless Sea. However, the audience knew that if continued searching, he would find Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea in the next try if he was lucky. By choosing the stalagmite where Boundless Sea was hiding behind, he would end up positioned right above Boundless Sea. Everyone was eager to see this ambush happen, particularly when the one being ambushed was the master of playing dirty.</p>
    <p>Du Ming was looking for where to go next. All of the Samsara fans were filled with hope. At this point, the Happy fans were starting to question Fang Rui’s inaction. How was he supposed to win if he just sat there doing nothing?</p>
    <p>Du Ming finally picked a stalagmite. The crowd immediately started clapping excitedly.</p>
    <p>Not only was Du Ming playing amazing today, his luck was out of this world. There had been four stalagmites that he could have jumped to, and he happened to pick the one that Boundless Sea was hiding at. If that wasn’t luck, what was it?</p>
    <p>Jump!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost jumped off a stalactite and then landed gently onto his destination. From start to finish, no sound had been made. He could already see Boundless Sea crouching behind the stalagmite.</p>
    <p>As if afraid to startle Fang Rui, the stadium suddenly went silent. The Samsara fans seemed to have put themselves in Du Ming’s situation. Du Ming had to be carefully and quietly make his move.</p>
    <p>Coming!</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost stepped off the top of the stalagmite and suddenly dropped down. His sword descended, leaving an arc of pale blue light.</p>
    <p>As for Boundless Sea? Everyone quickly looked towards him.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea had moved the moment Moon Luring Frost had taken the step. Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea suddenly got up and stepped away calmly, dodging Moon Luring Frost’s attack.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea slowly turned his head to look at the sword light flashing in front of him.</p>
    <p>Du Ming was alarmed.</p>
    <p>He didn’t think he had made any noise. He also didn’t see Boundless Sea look up. How had Fang Rui known that he had attacked?</p>
    <p>Du Ming’s attack had missed, and now, Fang Rui could take advantage of it to launch an attack of his own. Qi Masters were a powerful mid-ranged class. They were quite threatening at close-range, but not in comparison to the other three Fighter classes. By pulling away, he would be able to effortlessly take advantage of the opening, and there was nowhere for Du Ming’s Moon Luring Frost to run to. Boundless Sea had already started gathering qi, ready to attack.</p>
    <p>I have to act before I land!</p>
    <p>Even though he had no idea how Fang Rui had noticed him, it wasn’t the time to ponder over it. His ambush had failed, and he needed to quickly do something before he got caught by Fang Rui’s counterattack.</p>
    <p>He didn’t have many options though. All he could do was try to make it harder for Fang Rui.</p>
    <p>As a result, Moon Luring Frost gently twisted his body. His movements needed to be very minute so that it looked natural. He also needed to do it before he landed on the ground.</p>
    <p>Du Ming wanted to push off the stalagmite so that he could attack first.</p>
    <p>But Moon Luring Frost had only just moved a tiny bit, when Boundless Sea pushed out his palms.</p>
    <p>Dragon Wave!</p>
    <p>The wave of qi was filled with killing intent. This skill could be controlled after it was shot out. Du Ming could no longer bother with making his movements subtle. Moon Luring Frost straightened his body in a panic and jumped off of the stalagmite!</p>
    <p>His gaze was locked onto Boundless Sea. However, Du Ming discovered that he had no way to attack him. All the attacks that he could make were sealed off completely by Dragon Wave.</p>
    <p>Everything had been within Fang Rui’s expectations. Could he dodge this Dragon Wave?</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost didn’t have any place he could jump off of anymore. If he wanted to dodge while in the air, he could only rely on a skill. He saw the Dragon Wave roaring towards Moon Luring Frost. He had to act immediately.</p>
    <p>Falling Light Blade!</p>
    <p>Sword light flashed. Moon Luring Frost dropped straight down. The Dragon Wave wouldn’t be able to keep up with Falling Light Blade.</p>
    <p>But Boundless Sea could…</p>
    <p>Noticing that Du Ming had his attention on Dragon Wave, Fang Rui had Boundless Sea rush forward. Dragon Wave? He had abandoned control over it. Boundless Sea gathered a new wave of qi. Not waiting for Moon Luring Frost’s Falling Light Blade to land, he threw the qi at him. Du Ming finally had no options left.</p>
    <p>Flash Burst!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea struck Moon Luring Frost with his palm. The Falling Light Blade was interrupted. Qi violently blossomed, sending Moon Luring Frost flying back. Du Ming lost control of his character, and the previous Dragon Wave hit him as well!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui had chained these two skills to perform a pincer attack from the front and the back.</p>
    <p>The damage dealt by Flash Burst couldn’t be underestimated. Dragon Wave’s effect was annoying. The target hit by it would have decreased attack speed and attack power for a period of time.</p>
    <p>Moon Luring Frost flew back to where he came from towards that stalagmite. Boundless Sea didn’t give chase. Instead, he began gathering qi again.</p>
    <p>What was coming next?</p>
    <p>Sky Piercing Strike!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea pushed out with his two palms. The gathered qi swallowed the airborne Moon Luring Frost. Du Ming couldn’t attend to what was behind or what was in front. The Sky Piercing Strike made Moon Luring Frost crash even harder into the stalagmite.</p>
    <p>The force of the impact was quite heavy. Bits of sand broke off from the stalagmite and fell.</p>
    <p>Du Ming was stunned. He realized how Fang Rui had noticed him. It turned out that his silent jumping would still give off signs. The stalagmite seemed sturdy, but whenever he landed, bits of sand would shake off from it, which Fang Rui had unexpectedly noticed.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui wasn’t nearly as bored as he appeared. He had been very focused. Otherwise, how could he have noticed such a tiny detail? The shaking that he had produced from landing couldn’t compare to when he crashed into the stalagmite due to the Dragon Wave. The bits of sand that fell off would be much smaller, yet Fang Rui had still noticed them.</p>
    <p>“Your biggest mistake is playing dirty in front of me.”</p>
    <p>A message jumped out in the chat. His words were quite domineering, but when you thought about it more carefully, all of that loftiness seemed to disappear. Wasn’t he basically saying that I’m dirtier than you are?</p>
    <p>There was no such thing as appearing imposing when playing dirty, yet Fang Rui had made it sound that way.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui… was indeed very dirty!</p>
  </body>
</html>
