<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1120: Switching Accounts</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1120: Switching Accounts</h1>
    <p>Using the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella, Ye Xiu dodged this seemingly unbreakable blind, but he was still surrounded. Although Lin Jingyan's Dark Thunder had been sent flying by Lord Grim's Heroic Charge, Han Wenqing's Desert Dust had already landed heavily on the ground, directly charging toward him with a Ferocious Tiger Flurry.</p>
    <p>Another direct powerful attack.</p>
    <p>A 1v1 would be a rough battle, but Han Wenqing wasn't fighting by himself right now. Although he himself hadn't done any set-up for this powerful attack, he had his teammates. Lin Jingyan and Zhang Jiale's blinding partnership hadn't succeeded, but when he used the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella to block the flash, he also blocked his own line of sight. By the time he could close the umbrella again, Desert Dust's fists were already waving before him.</p>
    <p>Ferocious Tiger Flurry, a Level 70 attack, it was a skill that could be controlled after activation. Users of different skill levels could affect the power of this attack. Han Wenqing's skill as a Striker didn't need to be mentioned, and the Ferocious Tiger Flurry was exactly the kind of powerful attack he preferred with his playstyle.</p>
    <p>Ordinary controls had no way of keeping up with the rapid flurry of punches and kicks from this skill; it was impossible to continuously dodge all of them. The only possibility was to escape out of the attack range, but this was also difficult, because Ferocious Tiger Flurry was simply too fast. Lord Grim closed his umbrella, the fist was in front of him, it seemed that Ye Xiu had no way of countering, Lord Grim was hit!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim was instantly sent flying backwards, but Han Wenqing immediately knew that something was wrong. Ferocious Tiger Flurry was a series of attacks in succession; what was the point if the opponent was sent flying after the first punch? Lord Grim was sent so far backwards partly because of Ye Xiu's own controls - he borrowed the power of this punch to put some distance between himself and his opponents.</p>
    <p>It was too naive to think that Ye Xiu had no way of reacting to this attack!</p>
    <p>But it was also too naive to think that he could completely dodge Ferocious Tiger Flurry with that!</p>
    <p>Desert Dust leapt forward and instantly closed the gap between himself and Lord Grim. The punches and kicks still flew toward his body, ready to kill.</p>
    <p>Hit!</p>
    <p>In one punch, Lord Grim was blasted to pieces. But was Lord Grim that fragile? Of course not, it was Shadow Clone Technique! In that split second during which he pulled away, Ye Xiu sped through the motions and completed the skill. The false body was left behind, while Lord Grim's real body flashed away.</p>
    <p>Fighting against the entirety of Tyranny by himself? Ye Xiu wasn't that silly. No matter what, his goal was to run, and he was trying every method he could. He had no chance of winning, not unless the power went out at Tyranny and everyone went offline at once...</p>
    <p>Unfortunately, running away wouldn't be easy. Space was limited in this underground dungeon, unlike the open air spaces where he could run and hide in any direction. Right now, there was rock surrounding him, as though trapping the fleeing Ye Xiu in a cage. It wasn't long before Tyranny caught up to him again with their long-range coordinated attacking strategy.</p>
    <p>"You don't drop your equipment in this dungeon, right?" Ye Xiu was already thinking about what would come next. Judging from previous battles, aside from shards, players didn't drop anything else. Given the drop rates in the Heavenly Domain, this outcome was very improbable unless it were true that no items could be dropped in this dungeon.</p>
    <p>"You'll know once you die!" Tyranny wouldn't be merciful to Ye Xiu just because of this worthy. This time, their encirclement was more complete than before. Even the Cleric Immovable Rock, who didn't have much battle power, was a blocking presence that limited the paths available to Ye Xiu. Tyranny accounted for all possible locations that Ye Xiu could teleport to with his Shadow Clone Technique.</p>
    <p>"Okay okay, I surrender," said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"So what?" Zhang Jiale, not pausing in his attacks. This scum had to be dead before they could relax. If they just stopped their attacks when he announced surrender, he would certainly take advantage of that opening.</p>
    <p>Tyranny's old generals were unfazed by Ye Xiu's trashtalk. "Go die!" As Zhang Jiale shouted, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was just about toss a grenade at Ye Xiu's feet to deal the final blow, but suddenly, the screen flashed - a QQ chat window popped up out of nowhere.</p>
    <p>It said: Lord Grim has poked you.</p>
    <p>"Shameless!!" Zhang Jiale almost spat out blood. By the time he switched back to the game, Lord Grim was already gone. This poke wasn't any sort of game-changer, it just interrupted Zhang Jiale's final attack, but Lord Grim was still taken out by Lin Jingyan's Dark Thunder.</p>
    <p>"What happened?"</p>
    <p>Killing Ye Xiu should have been an exciting thing, but Tyranny's members found that Zhang Jiale was currently wearing a murderous expression. They all turned to ask what happened, only to find that Zhang Jiale had opened QQ chat on his computer and was furiously banging out paragraphs denouncing Ye Xiu's use of out-of-game interference tactics.</p>
    <p>"You didn't mute?" Tyranny's members sighed, and at the same time were quietly relieved that they had all muted QQ.</p>
    <p>When Lord Grim died, he didn't drop anything, showing that he really hadn't been carrying the shards. Tyranny didn't have time to stand around here and chat. They still had to find the other four members of Happy, and it was possible that they already used the shards to do something.</p>
    <p>"Let's split up and search!" Zhang Xinjie suggested. After killing Ye Xiu, everyone felt a sense of relief. Before, they were wary of splitting up lest they fall into some kind of trap, but they now felt a little braver.</p>
    <p>"Yes, let's split up!"</p>
    <p>Tyranny divided their members into two groups, each taking one path. One path continued along their current route, while the other turned back to take the path along which Steamed Bun had escaped.</p>
    <p>However, Ghost Lair's tunnels weren't so simple. After splitting in two, they ran into more forks in the road, and Tyranny still didn't have a single clue that would lead them to Happy. They could only continue splitting up, until all five were acting alone, increasing the number of paths they were checking at once.</p>
    <p>"Found them! They've already started killing the Ghost King, hurry and come!" At last, Lin Jingyan was the first to find Happy's four players, and they were currently engaged in fierce battle with the Ghost King. Once the Ghost King was killed, then everything was over. But Lin Jingyan was alone, he didn't dare go up alone to attack. He could only sit and anxiously wait for his teammates.</p>
    <p>"I'm close by, almost there!" Zhang Jiale answered. After wandering for so long, everyone had gained a sense of the layout of the dungeon, and Zhang Jiale anticipated that he could arrive quickly. Indeed, after less than two minutes, Zhang Jiale could hear the sounds of the boss battle.</p>
    <p>"Where are you?" Zhang Jiale sent a message to Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>"You've arrived?"</p>
    <p>"Yeah."</p>
    <p>"Us two will go first!" Lin Jingyan said.</p>
    <p>"You stick to Su Mucheng, I'll harass the other three." Zhang Jiale laid out the plan.</p>
    <p>"Okay," agreed Lin Jingyan.</p>
    <p>"Go!"</p>
    <p>The two characters charged forward, and following the play, Lin Jingyan's Dark Thunder headed toward Dancing Rain, while Zhang Jiale took advantage of his attack range and began to harass the other three.</p>
    <p>Facing against three rookies, Zhang Jiale was confident in his abilities. Dazzling Hundred Blossoms closed the distance, and his Hundred Blossoms cover enveloped the three at once. This was a high-level playstyle only found at the professional level, and Zhang Jiale knew that these rookies, lacking experience, would have their heads spinning under this interference.</p>
    <p>"You came pretty quickly, huh?"</p>
    <p>But at this moment, Zhang Jiale suddenly heard someone speak from the lights and shadows.</p>
    <p>This voice, it was Ye Xiu, but how was he here? Zhang Jiale was frozen, as though struck by a grenade, but in the next second, he wanted to cry.</p>
    <p>How could he not?</p>
    <p>After all, this wasn't an official match, just an in-game event. Lord Grim died, so Ye Xiu calmly switched to another account and continued playing. It was as simple as one plus one.</p>
    <p>But such a simple idea had been overlooked by Tyranny. Even the detail-oriented Zhang Xinjie had forgotten this possibility, after growing accustomed to his professional background. For these pro players, the possibility of such a tactic didn't even exist in their minds.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu was still here. Suddenly, the plan of having just the two of them run interference seemed a lot less feasible!</p>
    <p>This is bad!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale was so bold and reckless only because he was confident that the rookies couldn't handle his Hundred Blossoms style, but now… there was a Ye Xiu!</p>
    <p>As soon as he realized something was wrong, a silhouette appeared out of the light and shadow. The rookies were disoriented, but Ye Xiu accurately determined Dazzling Hundred Blossoms' position from the pattern of attack and instantly attacked in his direction. And Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had indeed been standing a little too close. By the time Zhang Jiale wanted to dodge, Soft Mist was already in front of him.</p>
    <p>Of course it's a Battle Mage…</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale had no tears left, no path of retreat. He was sent flying by Soft Mist's Dragon Breaks the Ranks, slamming into the wall, and was then battered by several Chasers. And then, that Ghost King sent an attack at Soft Mist. Soft Mist twisted and dodged, and the attack sent by the boss wasn't some direction-changing Chaser. It landed upon Hundred Blossoms' body.</p>
    <p>Once Lin Jingyan knew Ye Xiu was here, he also knew they were in trouble. The two of them had only dared to attack by themselves because they knew that aside from Su Mucheng, everyone here was a rookie. Although they wouldn't be able to take them in a fight, they could still cause some chaos without too much difficulty. But Ye Xiu had switched accounts and run over here. Trying to interfere with him would be like kicking a steel board.</p>
    <p>I have to run!</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan immediately made this judgment. He detached from Su Mucheng's side and began to run. Su Mucheng counterattacked instantly, and the powerful blasts landing upon Dark Thunder's backside truly made him pathetically embarrassed.</p>
    <p>Meanwhile, after Zhang Jiale was slammed into the wall, he didn't dare land directly. Ye Xiu was still there, eyeing him! This guy, not only could he use his own attacks, he could use his aggro to lure the Ghost King over here. The intelligence of an NPC was incomparable to that of a god. It should have been on Zhang Jiale and Lin Jingyan's side, three against Happy's four. But now, under this direction, it was like a summoned monster at Ye Xiu's command, launching the fiercest attacks at Zhang Jiale.</p>
    <p>"Can't hold, retreat for now!" Lin Jingyan shouted.</p>
    <p>"What do you think I'm trying to do?" Zhang Jiale was depressed. Of course he wanted to run, but now he was stuck at the corner of a wall, surrounded by enemies.</p>
    <p>"How much health is left?" Ye Xiu asked him.</p>
  </body>
</html>
