<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1240: Bitter But Unable to Complain</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1240: Bitter But Unable to Complain</h1>
    <p>Dai Yanqi shifted targets to Lord Grim. Fang Xuecai thought that as a long-ranged attacker, switching targets would be fast and easy. Dai Yanqi wouldn't need to approach either, saving time while still letting her take care of the other side simultaneously.</p>
    <p>His thinking wasn't wrong. At the moment, this was the best way to maintain balance on the field. However, since she needed to take care of two sides at once, her presence on one side would be weaker. This small difference was quickly seized by Happy.</p>
    <p>Who had Happy sent out for the team competition today?</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, Su Mucheng, Fang Rui, Wei Chen, An Wenyi.</p>
    <p>Apart from An Wenyi, the rest were experienced veterans of the game. As soon as Thunderclap's balance tipped a little, those three raced towards a small opening that appeared.</p>
    <p>Thunderclap's players felt their hearts suddenly turn cold. This feeling was as if they had caught a net packed with fish, but then a small hole ripped open in the net, resulting in all of the fish escaping for their life through this hole. In an instant, the hole enlarged, leaving them no opportunity to patch it up.</p>
    <p>"Stop them! Stop them!" Fang Xuecai roared.</p>
    <p>But Thunderclap's players felt powerless. A hole had been exposed already. They couldn't stop them. Agreeing by chance, everyone turned to look towards their captain. If Xiao Shiqin's shotcalling hadn't been cut off, this situation wouldn't have happened.</p>
    <p>How could Xiao Shiqin not feel bitter? It wasn't that he didn't want to give out commands. If he had even a fraction of a chance, he would certainly take it to instruct his teammates on what to do. But he wasn't given any chances. He could only watch as their complete and perfect offense slowly fell apart due to a lack of precise adjustments. There had been numerous crucial moments that Xiao Shiqin had wanted to say something, but he couldn't, because he discovered that whenever these crucial moments appeared, Ye Xiu would suddenly press even harder.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu… he wasn't only looking at the opponent in front of him. He was also carefully watching over the entire battle and then adjusting his attacks according to the situation. If Xiao Shiqin tried to type anything, he would be taking on a full frontal assault from an unspecialized. Under Lord Grim's explosive storm-like attacks, he might just die as a result.</p>
    <p>If he lived, there would at least be hope. If he died, then it would mean he wouldn't be able to give any orders anymore.　</p>
    <p>In this instant, Xiao Shiqin hated the Alliance's ban on voice chat. He could completely feel the helplessness and misery that Yu Wenzhou had felt facing against him.</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai had Dai Yanqi provide support for him, and he knew that this wasn't that great of a decision. The outcome could be disastrous, but what else could be done? If they had continued like that, it would have been disastrous too. Change always created something. For example, what if Dai Yanqi suddenly played out of her mind and was able to completely take care of both sides at once?</p>
    <p>That didn't happen, unfortunately. As soon as Dai Yanqi switched targets, she didn't even get the chance to show if she could overperform. Happy had immediately seized the opportunity to break free from Thunderclap's offense. The players that Happy sent out this time were too experienced. They wouldn't miss such a golden opportunity.</p>
    <p>Is it over?</p>
    <p>No!</p>
    <p>Not yet.　　</p>
    <p>Happy had broken free from their offense, but Dai Yanqi didn't hesitate. She became even more determined to rescue Xiao Shiqin.</p>
    <p>Good!</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin felt grateful for Dai Yanqi's decision. When making a tactical decision, the biggest taboo was hesitation. For the tactics-oriented Thunderclap, no one was indecisive. 　　</p>
    <p>Lightning Bolt!</p>
    <p>A bolt of lightning flashed in front of Lord Grim. The purpose of this predictive attack was that even if it didn't hit, you still had to be wary of it. This pause would at least let Xiao Shiqin free himself from a defensive position, giving him an opening to either counterattack or give an order to the team.</p>
    <p>However, Lord Grim stubbornly took the step forward.</p>
    <p>How persistent. The stun from lightning spells weren't weak. Even if you take it, an opening will still appear. But as Lord Grim stepped forward, he swung his Myriad Manifestations Umbrella to the side. The moment the Lightning Bolt arrived, his umbrella opened up with a whoosh.</p>
    <p>Zzt. Lightning struck the umbrella, but before the electricity spread out, the umbrella closed, or it could be said that the umbrella never stopped. This was simply another attack towards Life Extinguisher. It was just that it came from the side, blocking the Lightning Bolt coming towards him in the passing. Lord Grim's offense wasn't interrupted one bit.</p>
    <p>Dai Yanqi felt frightened by such precise movements, and she didn't cast her prepared follow-up. Dealing with Ye Xiu wasn't how she had thought it would be.</p>
    <p>It wasn't until after she saw Life Extinguisher continue rolling to dodge did she regain her senses. She immediately cast another spell to attack, but Ye Xiu wasn't just fighting alone. The rest of Happy was helping him too. Before Firebird Messenger could cast her spell, a boom sounded first. Su Mucheng's Dancing Rain had started providing support for Ye Xiu. Not only did this attack interrupt Firebird Messenger's casting, it also helped blast Ye Xiu towards Life Extinguisher.</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai's Assassin, Demon Talent, rushed forward to try and stop Dancing Rain, but Su Mucheng had noticed him long beforehand. Dancing Rain Aerial Fired away. No matter how fast an Assassin's speed was, he wouldn't be able to catch up to her in a short amount of time. And right now, how could he have the time to blindly chase after someone? He wasn't like Dancing Rain. He wasn't a Launcher, who could move around while also providing support to the rest of the battlefield. His Assassin needed to get close. If he was just kited around by Dancing Rain, then his presence would be equivalent to empty air.　　</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai was helpless. He just thought of it as bothering Su Mucheng for a bit. He looked around to see where to go next and in the end, he locked onto Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>An opening!</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai keenly discovered that because Happy had been trapped for so long, after breaking free, they ran wild, unexpectedly forgetting to protect their healer. If he could eliminate Happy's healer in one go...</p>
    <p>This was definitely possible because Fang Xuecai's Demon Talent was an Assassin. He also knew Life-Risking Strike. He may not love the move as much as Void's Li Xun, but no Assassin would completely give up on Life-Risking Strike. The mere existence of Life-Risking Strike was a threat, and in certain moments like these, it could also be used.</p>
    <p>Right now… is that moment...　　</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai pretended to have his Demon Talent continue chasing after Dancing Rain. Suddenly, he moved diagonally as if trying to circle around Dancing Rain. But halfway through this movement, his figure flashed. Shadow Clone Technique. His real body instantly moved towards Little Cold Hands, and he closely followed with a Shining Cut to suddenly reach Little Cold Hands' side.</p>
    <p>Life-Risking Strike!</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai directly used this risky strike. Little Cold Hands' health wasn't full. He had been pressured by Thunderclap's fast changing offensive, resulting him in being unable to keep Happy's characters above a safe line. Every character including Little Cold Hands himself had lost quite a bit of health due to An Wenyi's panicked healing.</p>
    <p>This is more than enough!</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai calculated it precisely. He was certain of this attack. They had analyzed An Wenyi's strengths and weaknesses very clearly. His reaction speed and hand speed wasn't that great. An Wenyi definitely wouldn't be able to react to this sudden sneak attack.</p>
    <p>Go die!</p>
    <p>Fang Xuecai roared in his heart. Afterwards, even if his own health dropped to nothing, if his character could trade for Happy's healer, then it would 100% be worth it.　</p>
    <p>But the instant the dagger was about to strike, Fang Xuecai saw the gown of Little Cold Hands flutter and a wave of qi circled around Little Cold Hands, slicing into Demon Talent's waist.</p>
    <p>Qi Blade!</p>
    <p>This was Fang Xuecai's final thought on the battlefield. After using Life-Risking Strike, he didn't have the health to take any attacks. A single Qi Blade was more than enough to take him down.　　</p>
    <p>To use a Cleric as a cover and so perfect too! My intentions were completely seen through! Yet to dare use it at the last moment was brave. If that Qi Blade had been one beat too late, my dagger would have taken Little Cold Hand's life! Even if I were killed by the Qi Blade later, who cares?</p>
    <p>This guy… is so bold, so dirty!</p>
    <p>Demon Talent fell despite Fang Xuecai's unwillingness. Fang Rui hollered in the public chat: "This brother's Golden Right Hand is beyond precise!"</p>
    <p>"Who would get actually get hit by such a cheap trick? You call this tactics?" Wei Chen sneered.</p>
    <p>No one would have thought that in the blink of an eye, Thunderclap would lose a player. 4v5. The situation completely reversed. Thunderclap had no way of stopping Happy. Happy immediately found their target and focused on Life Extinguisher. They stopped at nothing to kill him and before Thunderclap's sixth player could arrive, Xiao Shiqin was sent out of the battle. Xiao Shiqin wasn't just another player in Thunderclap. Without him, Thunderclap's momentum was halted and, in the end, Happy won the team competition.　　</p>
    <p>9-1. Another thrilling victory. Everyone was completely dumbfounded by this sudden reversal. Pan Lin and Li Yibo looked at each other with lingering fear in their eyes, especially Li Yibo. He had practically ascertained Thunderclap's win and nearly blurted it out, but he didn't, saving him face. As for Pan Lin, he had a feeling of relief. His caution had paid off. In the end, Happy had pulled off another bout of black magic.</p>
    <p>"What a brilliant match…" Li Yibo said. He felt like he had just survived by the skin of his teeth and for a moment, he didn't know what to say.</p>
    <p>"Yes, Thunderclap played very well for the first half, demonstrating how to give trouble to Happy."</p>
    <p>"Happy also responded brilliantly. Yes… they… also showed how to stop Thunderclap's outstanding tactics." Li Yibo followed up with Pan Lin's words with some hesitation because Happy's way was similar to when Thunderclap beat Blue Rain. It was a sort of dirty way and shouldn't really be praised.</p>
    <p>After Blue Rain had lost, they could only feel wronged at the voice chat restriction. But Thunderclap? They had benefited from it and then suddenly became victims to it. Thunderclap had no choice but to suffer in silence. Even if they were bitter about it, there was nothing they could say!</p>
  </body>
</html>
