<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1118: Split Up</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1118: Split Up</h1>
    <p>Happy wanted to run. That was their current goal, but Misty Rain still had three players left and they weren't easy to escape from. Fortunately, there was a bit of internal conflict going on outside the game between the three remaining Misty Rain players.</p>
    <p>Lu Yining had been crowned season eight's Best Sixth Player. He was a very dependable player, but right now, his position in Misty Rain was somewhat awkward. He was likely to leave this summer. And the ones to push him into this situation were Shu Keyi and Shu Kexin, the two sisters.</p>
    <p>It wasn't possible for Lu Yinning to not have any opinions about this matter. Not only were Shu Keyi and She Kexin new rookies, they were also quite arrogant. It could be said that Lu Yining didn't have any good feelings towards them.</p>
    <p>At the moment, Misty Rain was fighting to improve their team's hardware. Lu Yining was about to leave. His participation in this event had been forced to begin with. He just didn't want his emotions to ruin his reputation. Misty Rain was in a difficult situation right now, but hoping for Lu Yining to cooperate with Shu Keyi and Shu Kexin to turn this situation around was quite optimistic.</p>
    <p>When Happy retreated, Shu Keyi and Shu Kexin tried their best, shooting at them as they chased. For these sisters, a defeat in this dungeon and to Happy at that felt like deja vu. In last year's Christmas event, the two sisters had planned on using the leaderboards to make a name for themselves. Unfortunately, they were defeated by Ye Xiu multiple times in succession. In the end, even though they had been noticed by the pro scene, the results didn't meet their expectations.</p>
    <p>This time, they had come out to strengthen their team. Misty Rain's luck was quite good. They encountered two minibosses and obtained two shards, making them the team in the lead. However, they were once again thwarted by Happy.</p>
    <p>They only had three players right now. Besides Happy, there was also a powerful opponent like Tyranny glaring at them like a tiger watching its prey. The two sisters had been a part of pro scene for half a year now. They knew how powerful the pro teams were and no longer had the naive confidence in thinking that they could challenge Tyranny by themselves. They didn't have any confidence in challenging Happy either, but they couldn't swallow their anger. They had to at least try.</p>
    <p>Bullets flew.</p>
    <p>The two Sharpshooters fired their guns as they chased after Happy. Lu Yining was in no mood to fight, but he had to at least show a bit of effort. As a result, he also shot at Happy as he ran, but he clearly wasn't being very diligent about it.　　</p>
    <p>The two sisters quickly noticed his listless attacks.</p>
    <p>"Can't you try harder!" Shu Keyi expressed her dissatisfaction.</p>
    <p>"Hmph." Lu Yining replied with his nose. Sure enough, he tried harder. He tried even harder to sandbag.</p>
    <p>The two sisters saw this. He was deliberately opposing them! There was nothing they could do though. They had heard the rumors going around in their club and knew Lu Yining definitely didn't have any favorable opinions towards them. The two were helpless. They hadn't specifically joined Misty Rain to kick Lu Yining from his position. Everyone played the same class, so it would be hard to avoid competition between them. Someone's spot had to be taken, so someone would naturally have to leave. The two sisters felt like Lu Yining's dislike for them was unprofessional.</p>
    <p>The two obviously weren't going to compromise. With their personalities, it would only serve to make them work even harder to let the team know that they had made the correct decision. Shu Keyi complained to Lu Yining, but all it did was make that guy respond even more negatively, so she stopped talking.</p>
    <p>Ignore him! We'll do it ourselves!</p>
    <p>The two sisters abandoned Lu Yining and attacked Happy even more fiercely. As for Happy, under Ye Xiu's lead, they continued to run while constantly harassing Misty Rain's players.</p>
    <p>For them, Misty Rain was no longer a threat. Their only threat was the biggest threat in this dungeon, Team Tyranny, who were probably going after them right now.</p>
    <p>Tyranny's misfortune had been Happy's fortune. Because of their good luck, they were able to avoid fighting their biggest threat. Their luck was gone now though. Tyranny must have figured it out by now. Even if they didn't, after beating Royal Style, Tyranny would still chase after them.</p>
    <p>So they couldn't stop. They had to keep running!</p>
    <p>As for Misty Rain at the rear, Ye Xiu didn't care about them at all because they weren't running from Misty Rain in the first place. Misty Rain just had to have three Sharpshooters though. It was very annoying. The sounds of their gunfire echoed in this underground cavern. If Tyranny wanted to chase after them, they could do so just by following the sound of gunfire.</p>
    <p>In the end, Happy had to guard against Tyranny, only Tyranny.　　</p>
    <p>Thus, as Happy ran, Ye Xiu took any opportunities that came up to counterattack. If these three tails could be removed, then it'd be best to remove them.</p>
    <p>However, the Shu sisters weren't stupid. They realized the crux of the issue. The two had a much clearer understanding of their skill now. Trying to steal the shards with just the two of them would be like trying to steal the sky. In this situation, they needed to rely on Tyranny's help and fish in troubled waters. Happy was running away as fast as possible not because of their fear for the two sisters and that cheerleader, but because of their fear for Tyranny.</p>
    <p>The more scared their opponent was of something, the more they needed to help that something. The sisters immediately adjusted their plans. They stopped chasing Happy as closely as before and started being more on the defensive. However, they weren't going to let Happy escape from them either.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu immediately saw through this change. As a result, he promptly made a decision: "Steamed Bun and I will stay. You three go find the Ghost King. Hurry!"</p>
    <p>Team Happy split up.</p>
    <p>Su Mucheng led Tang Rou and Mo Fan along with the five shards to figure out how to find the Ghost King. Ye Xiu and Steamed Bun stayed behind to block off the passage.</p>
    <p>Fortunately, the underground passage was narrow, which made sealing it off that much easier. Ye Xiu and Steamed Bun took the initiative to attack the two sisters.</p>
    <p>The two sisters were surprised. They clearly hadn't expected Happy to split up. Even though their side had three players, this underground passage was narrow, making it very difficult for anyone to circle around them. What's more, Lu Yininig was still being very uncooperative with them. The two sisters had almost forgotten that their side had three people.</p>
    <p>"Steamed Bun, you take the left. I'll take the right." Ye Xiu instructed. With his sinister eyes, he had noticed that Lu Yining was intentionally sandbagging. Even if Team Misty Rain frequently dropped the ball in tense situations, it wouldn't so bad that anyone would sandbag. Ye Xiu thought about it and guessed that it was probably unrelated to in-game matters and rather some sort of conflict in the team. As a result, Ye Xiu didn't pay much attention to Lu Yining. Their priorities should be the two sisters. The synergy between those two sisters was quite impressive. There were even people in the scene that predicted these two sisters to be Glory's future Best Partners. Truthfully speaking, Ye Xiu agreed with this view too.</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun followed orders. He immediately charged out, while also chatting with Ye Xiu: "Their names seem very familiar."</p>
    <p>"They should feel familiar to you." Ye Xiu said.</p>
    <p>"Really? Bro, have we met before?" Steamed Bun asked excitedly as he charged towards his opponent --- Shu Kexin's None Dare Attack.</p>
    <p>Lower Your Head and None Dare Attack were two male characters. The two sisters had never attempted to hide their genders. Who would have thought that Steamed Bun would forget about them so cleanly. His impression of the two of them were practically zero.</p>
    <p>Shu Kexin completely ignored Steamed Bun and attacked him fiercely.　</p>
    <p>Steamed Bun might be talking, but his playing wasn't weak. Steamed Bun Invasion twisted and turned. He dodged two shots and suddenly attacked with a Powerful Knee Strike, striking at None Dare Attack.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu wasn't slow either. Lord Grim had started attacking from afar using his umbrella's Gun Form. Mid-range and close-range skills poured out endlessly. Shu Keyi's situation was clearly more difficult than Shu Kexin's.</p>
    <p>In these consecutive intense battles without any healers, potions were Misty Rain's only way to heal. But better potions had longer cooldowns. In a pro-level confrontation, relying on potions wasn't reliable. Misty Rain's three players didn't have much health left. And Ye Xiu and Steamed Bun were no longer escaping and instead attacking them proactively. Happy had a cheerleader healer Lord Grim, so their situation was slightly better. In this battle, Happy had the advantage. Lu Yining had to face an opponent now and he responded relatively seriously. It was just that their situation wasn't good. He wasn't able to turn the situation around. As he fought and fought, he concluded that it was impossible to win, so he turned around and ran. However, he still gave out a warning and shouted "I'm retreating."</p>
    <p>This was clearly a formality. He wasn't being targeted, so if he wanted to retreat, he could just retreat. But those two sisters had their throats gripped by Ye Xiu and Steamed Bun and were being beaten up! Lu Yining quickly retreated, not even attempting to help protect his teammates.</p>
    <p>The two sisters nearly died from anger, but they weren't the types to blame the gods and accuse others. The two tried hard, struggling to break free from their opponent's attacks.</p>
    <p>In the end, Steamed Bun wasn't always the most reliable. He messed up and Shu Kexin's none Dare Attack escaped. But unfortunately for Shu Keyi, trying to escape from Ye Xiu and trying to escape from Steamed Bun were two entirely different matters. Shu Kexin obviously wasn't Lu Yining, who ran away on his own. After escaping from Steamed Bun's clutches, she tried to save her sister. But Shu Keyi, who was fighting Lord Grim, knew better how difficult it would be and decisively rejected it: "Forget about me! Run away first and look for an opportunity later!"</p>
    <p>Even though the two were sisters, they neatly broke away. There was none of that cheesy drama like "If you're going to die, I'll die with you." After hearing her sister's opinion, she didn't hesitate to turn and run. Ye Xiu obviously wasn't going to let Lower Your Head go and killed her.</p>
    <p>"Ya ya ya ya!!" Steamed Bun let None Dare Attack go accidentally. He felt very ashamed and wanted to redeem himself.</p>
    <p>"Recover first." Ye Xiu yelled for him to stop.</p>
    <p>Lu Yining escaped. Shu Kexin escaped. But she didn't go find Lu Yining. She wasn't placing any hopes on this guy no matter what.</p>
    <p>The two characters ran one behind the other. They kept on running around randomly. They turned around and saw that Lord Grim and Steamed Bun Invasion wasn't chasing after them, but there were people ahead of them. Tyranny's five had finally arrived. Lu Yining was running at the front. Before he could greet them, he heard someone from Tyranny say with a voice filled with gratitude: "Over here!"</p>
    <p>And then he was killed.</p>
    <p>Tyranny was a very decisive team!</p>
  </body>
</html>
