<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1509 - Falling Short</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1509 - Falling Short</h1>
    <p>It had only been a short moment, yet all sorts of changes had taken place. The lesser skilled players might not even have been able to recognize what twists and turns had happened.</p>
    <p>With help from the Sacred Fire from An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands, Ye Xiu’s Lord Grim and Su Mucheng’s Dancing Rain were finally able to convene. It wasn’t over yet though. The two had established contact with each other, but it was far too early to say that they had escaped from Tyranny!</p>
    <p>By this time, Desert Dust had recovered from the Sacred Fire. Again, he took the shortest path and ran towards the two at his fastest speed. In the meantime, the two Tyranny gunners weren’t stingy with their ammunition. Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder was also moving towards the front to stop the two from leaving.</p>
    <p>The situation looked to be advantageous for Tyranny, but this time, Zhang Xinjie didn’t dare let out a sigh of relief. Little Cold Hand’s save with the Sacred FIre had happened once, and it could happen again.</p>
    <p>However, this time, Little Cold Hands was being watched with great attention, making hard for him to even find an opening to cast a heal. Under Zhang Xinjie’s instructions, the two Gunners were keeping an eye on him.</p>
    <p>Happy had others though.</p>
    <p>Fang Rui? Even if Lin Jingyan, who understood him inside and out, was on the lookout for him, it wasn’t enough to make them feel at ease. There was also Luo Ji’s Summoner, Concealed Light, who had yet to appear.</p>
    <p>What is Concealed Light doing?</p>
    <p>Finally, it wasn’t just Zhang Xinjie who was wondering, Pan Lin and Li Yibo had started to talk about this question as well. The broadcast also found an opportunity to switch to Luo Ji’s perspective.</p>
    <p>Concealed Light was moving.</p>
    <p>That was all the information they could get from this angle. For a moment, it was impossible to tell what he was planning. The broadcast could not put the focus on him entirely. After all, there was an intense battle taking place on the other side. Moreover, Luo Ji was a rookie at his first playoffs game. In reality, more people were worried rather than expectant of him.</p>
    <p>In the end, the broadcast left a small window for Concealed Light, but not long afterwards, the scene in the small window changed.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea!</p>
    <p>Fang Rui’s Boundless Sea was put into the small window instead. The broadcast figured that Fang Rui’s actions were more likely to become a turning point for Happy.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea lowered his body, hiding amongst the underbrush as he moved. He moved slowly but resolutely. His line of sight was fixed ahead of him. He evidently had a clear plan in mind.</p>
    <p>The camera focused on where Boundless Sea was looking at: Lord Grim and Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>Tyranny’s two Gunners were controlling these two’s movements brilliantly. Zhang Jiale’s Hundred Blossoms style interfered with their vision, while Qin Muyun relied on his outstanding positioning skills to predict and seal off their most optimal retreat paths. The two attacked at a wide angle and moved accordingly. As a result, even though Lord Grim had a shield, he was unable to defend against simultaneous attacks from two sides.</p>
    <p>“Healer, be careful!” Ye Xiu’s own situation was worrying, but he couldn’t help but warn An Wenyi.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms formed a wide angle with Qin Muyun’s Negative Nine Degrees, while pushing closer to Little Cold Hands. He was no longer simply keeping watch onto him, but preparing to attack him.</p>
    <p>Although An Wenyi lacked experienced, he never lost his cool or his ability to reason. He had been taking note of Zhang Jiale’s movements even before Ye Xiu gave a warning. But at this moment, even though Ye Xiu had pointed it out, he still didn’t move.</p>
    <p>“What is he doing!!!” Many Happys fans were becoming dissatisfied. Even though An Wenyi had just performed a miraculous save, as a player who had always been deemed as Happy’s weak point, there were still many players who took particular note of him, worried that he would make a careless mistake on the stage. Ye Xiu had just warned him despite being in such a predicament, yet he still wasn’t going to move?</p>
    <p>“What is An Wenyi doing? Is he so focused that he can’t see the tam chat? That shouldn’t be right? Could he be too nervous? Uh…” The more Pan Lin talked, the more he felt that he was wrong. Nervous? Did Happy’s rookies ever feel nervous?</p>
    <p>Tang Rou, Bao Rongxing, Mo Fan, An Wenyi…</p>
    <p>All of them were first-year rookies. There were times where their unfamiliarity with professional play hindered them, but nervousness?</p>
    <p>Sometimes, it seemed like Happy’s rookies were tougher than even many experienced pro players.</p>
    <p>An Wenyi wasn’t nervous, so why did he ignore Ye Xiu’s warning?</p>
    <p>“Does he have other thoughts?” Li Yibo spoke up. Happy’s rookies couldn’t be viewed from common knowledge. Rookies from other teams wouldn’t hesitate to follow what their captain or senior instructed, but it was different for the players on Happy, who didn’t seem to know what nervous meant. Having their own thoughts and ideas during a match shouldn’t be anything strange, no?</p>
    <p>More importantly, Ye Xiu’s message wasn’t an order, but a warning. How An Wenyi would respond depended on himself.</p>
    <p>The camera switched over to An Wenyi’s Little Cold Hands. Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms was speeding up. The others on Tyranny had noticed this new target and started towards that direction as well. All of them were experienced seniors who had gone through hundreds of battles. This sort of tacit understanding between them was easy. They didn’t need anyone to remind them. After retaining this possibility, they just needed to confirm which target would be more advantageous for them.</p>
    <p>Good!</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale felt that things were looking good His Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had entered his predicted range and started moving more carefully. It would be best to look as natural as possible to prevent his opponent from noticing him. Little Cold Hands didn’t make any troublesome movements, which made him feel gratified. Keeping a rookie in the dark about his motives wasn’t anything special. What was more rare was that Ye Xiu didn’t seem to have noticed either.</p>
    <p>What a great opportunity! What should I do next? This situation probably could not be maintained for long. Ye Xiu would certainly notice it sooner or later.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale had started to ponder as he moved. Finally, he took a crucial step towards Little Cold Hands.</p>
    <p>But then, Little Cold Hands moved.</p>
    <p>Right when Zhang Jiale thought he had succeeded, Little Cold Hands took a step, instantly making it so that Zhang Jiale’s plans fell one step short.</p>
    <p>It was just one step. Most people probably hadn’t noticed it, and of the people who had, how many of them understood the implications of this single step?</p>
    <p>“An Wenyi finally moved!” Pan Lin shouted. He hadn’t realized that the single step taken by Little Cold Hands was a step away from great danger.</p>
    <p>This time, Li Yibo wasn’t caught unprepared because he had been paying close attention to Dazzling Hundred Blossoms and Tyranny as a whole. Just before Pan Lin cried out those words, he was about to say how Little Cold Hands was about to meet much misfortune. But with that single step, those words were caught in Li Yibo’s throat. What came afterwards was astonishment.</p>
    <p>Was it a coincidence?</p>
    <p>Or was it intentional?</p>
    <p>If it was intentional, An Wenyi’s observational abilities were incredible. And he dared to do it at the final moment. Such confidence and gall was praiseworthy.</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Happy’s rookies are all monsters! Even if An Wenyi’s technical skills were poor, he was outstanding in terms of his mental game.</p>
    <p>Due to his shock, Li Yibo kep this in his heart. He forgot that he should also make some comments. As a result, the viewers outside didn’t know the significance of that one step. On stage, Zhang Jiale felt it the most.</p>
    <p>Coincidence or intentional?</p>
    <p>For a moment, Zhang Jiale had the same thoughts as Li Yibo. Next, he needed to test out this question. His Dazzling Hundred Blossoms took another step.</p>
    <p>Little Cold Hands retreated another two steps.</p>
    <p>It’s intentional! He wants to divert our attention!</p>
    <p>The difference in one step was the difference between rational and irrational. If they focused their offensive onto Little Cold Hands, whether it was just himself or the entire team, the outcome would be much worse. It would be better to continue attacking Lord Grim and Dancing Rain.</p>
    <p>But even if they continued attacking Lord Grim and Dancing Rain because of their slight adjustments to come here, they had sacrificed a bit of their offense as well.</p>
    <p>Not good!</p>
    <p>The new step that Dazzling Hundred Blossoms had taken to test Little Cold Hands hadn’t been a wise choice. He had been too eager to know the answer.</p>
    <p>It was just a single step, yet because of it, a small opening had appeared in Tyranny’s encirclement on Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu, were you waiting for this opportunity?</p>
    <p>Sure enough, Zhang Jiale didn’t see incorrectly. Ye Xiu grasped this opening.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain’s cannonfire came from under the cover of Lord Grim’s umbrella. In an instant, the two seized that tiny opening and rushed out. The only who could block them was Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder. But at this moment, the small screen on the broadcast focusing on Boundless Sea, showed movement. Boundless Sea locked onto Dark Thunder and rushed at him.</p>
    <p>Lin Jingyan understood Fang Rui, how could Fang Rui not understand Lin Jingyan? Between them, the only way to deal with the other was to seize a strategic moment. And this time, Fang Rui had succeeded. In the end, he helped Ye Xiu and Su Mucheng escape, thoroughly destroying Tyranny’s encirclement.</p>
    <p>The viewers were stunned. Even now, they didn’t know that the single step that An Wenyi had made at the final moment was the reason for all of these changes.</p>
    <p>Falling short. Zhang Jiale felt extremely nauseous. He had felt this sort of defeat who knew how many times…</p>
  </body>
</html>
