<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1051: Never Meant to be Played Alone</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1051: Never Meant to be Played Alone</h1>
    <p>What would the result of this clash be?</p>
    <p>No one could predict it and no one had the time to predict it. This DPS competition really only lasted for a duration less than twenty seconds. Everyone used their most efficient methods of DPS. Those slow and powerful skills were all a waste of time in this situation. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The health bars of both sides were plummeting, but from this, it was evident that in the wild dash to kill the other, there was a method to their madness. Happy was evidently focusing their fire on Combat Form. Combat Form's original 55 percent of health was instantly forgotten. From when the fight erupted, this number had been dropping constantly, plummeting in free fall.</p>
    <p>Considering character strength, Happy was nothing compared to Excellent Era, but Happy had an extra person. The three focused their fire and, in this battle where defense was neglected for more DPS, it would be easy to wipe a character out.</p>
    <p>But for Happy? Their actual situation wasn't as good as things seemed. Even combined, the health of their characters were less than either of Excellent Era's. An extra person gave them more DPS. However, without a solid amount of health as a foundation, how could they make sure they would be able to keep up this DPS? The one with the most health among the three of them was Lord Grim's 13 percent. In this situation with everyone going all out, he'd be wiped out instantly if One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form focused their fire on him.</p>
    <p>Happy was at a major disadvantage. The only thing that could turn this around for them was their Cleric, but what would happen during the time it took for their Cleric to arrive? Would Happy be able to hold on until then?</p>
    <p>This period of time was a mere instant, but it was in this mere instant that the audience personally saw an advantage that was unique to the unspecialized class: the seamless transition between all of the low level skills.</p>
    <p>No single class had so many short CD low level skills. With the battle where it was, no one would wait for all your skills to come off cooldown before unleashing them, so, for any class, after the battle began, there would never be a time where its skill tree would be wholesome because used skills would go on cooldown. The more intense the battle, the more skills were on cooldown.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era versus Happy had already gotten to a point where the battle raged so intensely, that it couldn't get more intense. Under this situation, Lord Grim's skill options was still mostly complete.</p>
    <p>You could only say mostly. After all, Lord Grim was also continuously using skills and low leveled skills also had cooldowns. However, this mostly complete was an absolute advantage over any other character in this fight. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The battle had reached its peak. Even the greatest player would feel like they didn't have enough skills.</p>
    <p>Seamlessly cycling through a comboed set of skills? That was PvE. Only PvE would have something like that. This was PvP and it was a high-end PvP match. There was no time for anyone to cycle through skills without disruption like in PvE. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>A fast-paced battle would soon make people feel like they had no skills to use and less and less choices to make.</p>
    <p>Pro players were good at controlling their rhythm as to not fall into an awkward disadvantage. However, no matter what, they still had to use skills and there would always be cooldowns. As the pace went up, the room they had to maneuver would decrease.</p>
    <p>But the unspecialized didn't have this problem!</p>
    <p>Thus, when Happy was fighting with their backs to the wall and both sides felt like their skills weren't enough for the battle, Ye Xiu's Lord Grim still managed to fight at his fastest pace. While the offense of the others began to seem rather thinned out, Lord Grim still had sleeves full of tricks.</p>
    <p>Not needing to worry about cooldowns and having skills to use anywhere anywhen was something that probably only occurred in the wet dreams of most players. Yet now, the unspecialized had turned this dream into a reality. Especially in this sort of crucial moment, the unspecialized's ability was magnified further as the opponent's skills diminished.</p>
    <p>An unused skill was always the most terrifying skill.</p>
    <p>And the unspecialized's skills were always at an unused state because he had more skills, because his skills had shorter cooldowns.</p>
    <p>Happy managed to hold on in the few seconds it took Little Cold Hands to arrive, but no one fully understood what, exactly, happened in those few seconds. The advantage unspecialized had in this crucial moment wasn't something bystanders could glean, but those who were directly involved. Only Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei truly understood what sort of disadvantage they had when fighting against Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>As for the commentators of the broadcast?</p>
    <p>They were still lamenting over Little Cold Hands' arrival for Excellent Era!</p>
    <p>"No, it's not over yet!" Li Yibo suddenly exclaimed.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim's best efforts in restricting his opponents were just to help his own side endure this period. This was already an absurd result. However, Sun Xiang and QIu Fei's offense hadn't been truly interrupted. Happy's three had still taken quite a few hits, it was just that none of them had been fatal.</p>
    <p>With Little Cold Hands' arrival, he saw the pitiful health bars of Happy's trio and didn't dare use chanted skills. He was afraid they might die in the time it took him to complete his chants.</p>
    <p>Instantly, two instant cast Cures were sent over.</p>
    <p>And then? There was no "then". After that, healing would require chanting. The three instant cast Cures had all been thrown out already.</p>
    <p>Healers weren't gods. There was still a limit to their healing ability.</p>
    <p>However, Happy's characters really had too little blood. At this point, they couldn't really hold on for much longer. There were situations that even a healer couldn't save.</p>
    <p>Having used up all his instant casts, An Wenyi could only start to chant a heal. Yet right when he was about to do so, he suddenly saw a message from Ye Xiu in the chat: Holy Com.</p>
    <p>Holy Commandment?</p>
    <p>Not wanting healing at such a time but DPS support?</p>
    <p>Everyone who saw Ye Xiu's command was completely stunned, all thinking they were hallucinating and wondering if this abbreviation had some other meaning. It couldn't possibly be that he wanted the healer to not heal, but support their offense?</p>
    <p>The audience was hesitant, but the players on the field weren't. Seeing the order, An Wenyi didn't think twice before a Holy Commandment was immediately thrown out. The target was Combat Form who had less health and was obviously Happy's focus. If An Wenyi couldn't even make this sort of judgement, when he really had to apologize for all the effort Ye Xiu had gone through to dig him out of those players in Tyrannical Ambition.</p>
    <p>The Holy Commandment enveloped Combat Form. It wasn't just the audience that was shocked by the Holy Commandment from little Cold Hands, even Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei felt puzzled.</p>
    <p>However, they had no time to stop and consider. With the opponent's Cleric here, they were pressed for time. If they couldn't storm their opponents and Little Cold Hands managed to hold their health up, then the ending would be set. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Attack!</p>
    <p>Continue the attack. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei had long since been prepared to mount their furious attack against this healing.</p>
    <p>This was the scene Xiao Shiqin had set for them. After bringing down the health of two members of Happy, Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei would use the time it took for the Cleric to arrive to intensify their attacks. Being able to take down even one before the Cleric arrived would allow them to maintain a chance a victory. It wasn't easy.</p>
    <p>We can do it!</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang and QIu Fei were red eyed with bloodthirsty. Nothing else existed for them. They stared at the last scraps of blood that Happy's characters had, attacking, taking it down.</p>
    <p>Success! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Steamed Bun Invasion's health was wiped, a situation even a healer couldn't save. Steamed Bun Invasion fell to Excellent Era's offense.</p>
    <p>And then? One Inch Ash's health was already in the decimal range, could they take him down, too?</p>
    <p>Another one fallen!</p>
    <p>One Inch Ash fell, a second kill.</p>
    <p>Success!</p>
    <p>Two versus two, so what if there's a healer? The eventual victory will be ours! Sun Xiang's heart soared and there was finally only one opponent left in front of him. He had One Autumn Leaf lunge wildly. He could finally defeat this person.</p>
    <p>Who would've expected that Lord Grim would suddenly jump up, sending out Anti-Tank Missiles at Combat Form, his characters flying backwards from the recoil.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang turned his view with this attack. What he saw caused him to charge over like he had gone crazy, trying to use his own body to block the three Anti-Tank Missiles.</p>
    <p>But it was too late. Everything was too late. Lord Grim didn't just send out Anti-Tank Missiles. A grenade had also rolled over, across the ground. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Combat Form, Qiu Fei's Combat Form had run out of health.</p>
    <p>The shadow that had been with him the whole way, helping him. In truth, Sun Xiang hadn't thought that he was very important, but in that moment, he truly wished to save Combat Form from death, willing, even, to use his own character, One Autumn Leaf, to shield his shadow from death.</p>
    <p>But it was all too late. Engulfed by the light of the explosion, Combat Form could no longer escape and his health fell to zero. Combat Form, he had fallen.</p>
    <p>AAAAAHHHHHH!</p>
    <p>In the playor booth, no one could hear how Sun Xiang had screamed. One Autumn Leaf suddenly turned, a skill that had just come off of cooldown was flung forth.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>In pursuit of Lord Grim, who had flown out backwards, he caught up in the blink of an eye.</p>
    <p>"Die!!" Sun Xiang bellowed out through gritted teeth, uncaring that the other couldn't hear this roars.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim, airborne, was incapable of dodging this strike. He could only unsheath his sword to Guard, but he was still knocked out of the air from the force of the attack.</p>
    <p>Yet before Lord Grim even hit the ground, a holy light washed over him.</p>
    <p>Holy Heal.</p>
    <p>This was the Heal that required the longest cast time, but also healed the largest amount of health and it accurately engulfed Lord Grim.</p>
    <p>15%! </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>The high-end heal that needed an immense cast time instantly pulled Lord Grim's health up by that much. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Sun Xiang felt his despair return.</p>
    <p>One versus two and the opponent had a healer, this situation... </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>"Didn't I tell you before, Glory was never meant to be played alone. Now, Sun Xiang… what do you say?" Lord Grim sent in the public chat as the Holy Heal descended.</p>
    <p>Glory was never meant to be played alone?</p>
    <p>Saying this when you were fighting two on one with a healer on your side? This made everyone speechless, but no one could retort it. This was an example of a situation going from hopeful to despair.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang hadn't wanted to give up yet and aimed to hurry and take out Little Cold Hands first. However, the moment he saw Ye Xiu's words, his fighting spirit extinguished. He knew that he wouldn't get a chance to do so.</p>
    <p>"Yes… Glory... was never meant to be played alone…" After replying with the same words, Sun Xiang didn't type GG. He directly left the match.</p>
    <p>Translator's Thoughts</p>
    <p>Nomyummi Nomyummi</p>
    <p>GG</p>
  </body>
</html>
