<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1043: Regarded as Helpless Grass</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1043: Regarded as Helpless Grass</h1>
    <p>In the audience, Seven Field and his group were clapping until their palms were swollen.</p>
    <p>"Do you see that? That's our Happy!!!" Seven Fields strained his throat, yelling at the Excellent Era fans surrounding him. Seven Field was usually a rather calm person, but in this moment he could no longer control his excitement. Was Excellent Era strong? Yes, they were, but in this match, it was Happy that was suppressing Excellent Era. From the beginning, they had been leading Excellent Era around by the nose.</p>
    <p>Seven Field's voice was already rather raspy. Not just him, but all 53 Happy guild members that lived in City B, who came to cheer Happy on, were all losing their voices from yelling. This was because compared to the thousands of Excellent Era fans here, their fifty three was negligible.</p>
    <p>Yet in this moment, they had the upper hand because their team was supporting them. The Cleric had even been killed. Anyone who knew Glory would know that in this situation, there was no optimism left to be had. Faced with Seven Field's open taunting, the Excellent Era fans had nothing they could use as a response. And Seven Fields only had one disappointment in that moment, which was… the name Happy really was too ordinary. It didn't feel special, being yelled out.</p>
    <p>"The healer, wiped out! Team Excellent Era's Cleric Woven Shadow has been killed and player Zhang Jiaxing has left the match. In the finals of the Challenger League, Excellent Era is in a dire situation!" Pan Lin was also yelling in the live broadcast. As the commentator of the broadcast, he wasn't biased to either side. What he hoped to see was a spectacular performance. The biggest point of drama about this match, apart from Ye Xiu versus Excellent Era, was to see if a dark horse would appear.</p>
    <p>And now, the situation of the match was obviously tilting in Happy's favor. This caused the commentators, who were looking for drama, to become excited. According to the TV Audience Rating Department, the view count for this match suddenly skyrocketed. This was evidently because Happy had killed the Cleric Woven Shadow. Without a healer, the scales of victory had tilted sharply. The Glory players that heard of this would probably all turn on a TV or switch channels to watch this match that originally held no suspense.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era's competition booth.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiaxing, having left the match, seemed to lose all strength, slumping in his seat. Now, he was able to watch the match from an omniscient view, but how would this match go? He found himself almost afraid to watch. He couldn't help but think, what would it be like if Excellent Era was stopped here and couldn't return to the Alliance, forced to participate in this Challenger League for another year?</p>
    <p>It definitely wasn't just him that was worrying about this.</p>
    <p>Just as Woven Shadow's health fell to zero, like a bolt of lightning, this thought surfaced in the minds of almost all of Excellent Era's players, the players off stage and the players onstage alike. Many people had already glanced discreetly at boss Tao Xuan and they found that the boss' eyebrow kept twitching. He, too, had long since lost the calm he usually had. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>In the field, Excellent Era only had four people left in total and no healer.</p>
    <p>"Focus fire on the Launcher!" In the moment Woven Shadow fell, Xiao Shiqin gave a new order. He knew that he couldn't save Woven Shadow anymore. The only one that had hope of breaking through was Wang Ze and he had been blocked by Wu Chen reckless and wild actions. However, this desperate recklessness meant that he was more or less using Dawn Rifle's life to block Wang Ze. He used Dawn Rifle's body to block shot after shot of Wang Ze's Sharpshooter.</p>
    <p>No matter how strong a character was, they couldn't afford to be a meat shield like that. In that moment, Wu Chen had evidently hardened his heart and prepared to sacrifice his own character. Someone who no longer cared about their own life was always the scariest. Wang Ze had been stalled by Wu Chen in that state and the shots and blows he had made had all mercilessly struck Dawn Rifle. Wu Chen didn't make any movements to dodge, afraid that Wang Ze might manage to grasp an opening. Just like that, he managed to stall Wang Ze's Sharpshooter by brute force, but also sentence Dawn Rifle to his death.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin had a clear view. They might not have a healer right now, but Happy currently didn't have one either. They needed to take this chance to barrage the other side with attacks and kill off as many of their characters as possible. The longer they stalled, the worse off they would be, with their lack of a healer.</p>
    <p>In this situation, it wasn't a good idea to stall the opponent's ace, so Xiao Shiqin swiftly gave an order, getting Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei to switch targets and wipe out Dawn Rifle, who only had 30 percent of his health left after the beating he received from Wang Ze. This was because he saw One Inch Ash and Steamed Bun Invasion rushing to support Dawn Rifle after finishing Woven Shadow off. He couldn't let their plans come through again.</p>
    <p>Both sides were fighting to get there first!</p>
    <p>However, Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei's charge against Ye Xiu and Xiao Shiqin's attempts to throw off Tang Rou had been happening for a while already. It wasn't that they couldn't. It was just that they didn't have enough time to save Woven Shadow. Now, both sides broke through and immediately focused their attacks on Wu Chen's Dawn Rifle. Their sudden change in rhythm finally displayed the airs a powerhouse team like theirs should have. Steamed Bun Invasion and One Inch Ash weren't slow either, but they weren't healers and could only attack to try and suppress their opponent's offense. Excellent Era, without their healer, aimed to finish things as fast as possible and didn't methodically exchange blows with Happy. When they needed to storm their opponents, they would be willing to trade some blood even without their healer! </p>
    <p>　　 </p>
    <p>One wave rush!</p>
    <p>Excellent Era's four characters ignored everything else and focused on unleashing a torrent of attacks, crushing Wu Chen's Dawn Rifle and instantly managing to close in on Happy by a player.</p>
    <p>Happy's Cleric Little Cold Hands was automatically switched in, but needed time to arrive from the support zones. During this time, the two sides were fighting four on four, equal in numbers. The audience suddenly realized that Excellent Era didn't seem to be at a disadvantage!</p>
    <p>On Happy's side, only Steamed Bun Invasion and One Inch Ash were in a relatively good state.</p>
    <p>Ye Xiu's Lord Grim had already fought Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei while alone twice. His one versus two fight had a cost. The damage he had dealt to One Autumn Leaf and Combat Form was nothing compared to the damage he had taken from the two. The current Lord Grim only had 70 percent of his health left.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou's Soft Mist was in a far worse condition though. Before, she had courageously taken on Sun Xiang, Qiu Fei and Xiao Shiqin's charge alone and had already lost a lot of health. Then, she had gone to block Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei before being sent flying and switching to stall Life Extinguisher. Through all of this, the damage she had taken far exceeded the damage she had dealt. Currently, Soft Mist only had 20 percent of her health left, not even as much as Dawn Rifle. It was just that Xiao Shiqin had placed heavy importance on getting rid of the tactical advantage Dawn Rifle had provided for Happy and named him to be the first target. After their success, the four Excellent Era membered charged for Soft Mist at once.</p>
    <p>Fast!</p>
    <p>That was what everyone thought. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>After their Cleric was killed, Team Excellent Era didn't dawdle and instead immediately increased their rhythm, swiftly focusing their fire on and wiping Dawn Rifle off the field, then charged at Soft Mist hoping for another One Wave Rush.</p>
    <p>"I never expected that Team Excellent Era would fight more wildly after their Cleric was killed…" Pan Lin said, stunned.</p>
    <p>"Happy's tactics haven't been laid out very smoothly, it seems! Excellent Era storming Dawn Rifle, Steamed Bun Invasion, and One Inch Ash running to support, this sort of natural instinct lost them the initiative they had for the majority of the match. Seems like they really are still too young. Look at Xiao Shiqin. When Woven Shadows was about to be killed, he had already given the order to focus their fire on Dawn Rifle instead. This sort of rhythm is something Happy can learn from."</p>
    <p>"Then how do you think Happy should deal with this?" Pan Lin asked.</p>
    <p>"Support Lord Grim or Soft Mist, continuing to draw out the situation where they outnumber Excellent Era and trading with them. When at an advantage in numbers, this sort of trade would put a great amount of pressure on Excellent Era and Happy could continue to keep hold of the initiative. Yet now, the match is in Excellent Era's control again… I think Ye Xiu is probably regretting things now. He should've done the same thing as Xiao Shiqin and gave his team members orders beforehand. Happy's members are younger, more inexperienced, they need his guidance more!" Li Yibo said.</p>
    <p>"He might not have had the time to do so, when facing Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei alone," Pan Lin suggested.</p>
    <p>"That's true. Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei have been very aggressive in these fights." Li Yibo nodded.</p>
    <p>In any case, this was a completely unexpected situation. </p>
    <p>　 </p>
    <p>Excellent Era's fans, who had wilted a little, sprung back to life then. Having been taunted by Seven Fields, they immediately retorted. Excellent Era's fans had far more people. This counterattack almost drowned Happy's small cheerleading squad in yells.</p>
    <p>"See that? That's Excellent Era for you! So what if they lost their healer? Can you endure our one wave rush?" The Excellent Era fans, who sat close and had thus almost been hit in the head by Seven Field's excited gesturing, jumped up to shout as revenge, shoving their heads towards Seven Field.</p>
    <p>As for Seven Fields and the others? They were too nervous to care about arguing with Excellent Era's fans.</p>
    <p>Hold on!</p>
    <p>The 53 Happy guild members clenched their fists as one, almost seeming to hear the inner voices of their comrades.</p>
    <p>Hold on!</p>
    <p>How would Happy deal with this?</p>
    <p>Those who wondered all looked to Lord Grim. Ye Xiu should take command by now, right? If he just let these rookies do whatever they wanted, they would only get led around by the nose by the experienced Xiao Shiqin. Out of all of Happy's players, only he had the ability to match Xiao Shiqin in tactics.</p>
    <p>Yet he said nothing. In this crucial moment, he didn't give any orders, letting the members of Happy act according their their own judgements.</p>
    <p>Excellent Era's four players advanced, but Soft Mist, with only 20 percent of her health left, had no intentions of backing down.</p>
    <p>"Attack!!" At Xiao Shiqin's command, the two Battle Mages charged forward and the two gunners provided firepower coverage from afar.</p>
    <p>Missed!</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin was stunned. They had to wipe their target off the field in a single wave of attacks so everyone had to be careful to not only deal damage, but also entrap their target, cutting off all of Soft Mist's paths of retreat and not letting her escape.</p>
    <p>Yet now, their entrapment seemed miles away from Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>This was because neither Xiao Shiqin nor Wang Ze, nor Sun Xiang and Qiu Fei had thought Tang Rou, when faced with this situation, wouldn't choose to dodge or back down, but… to charge forward!!!</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist unhesitantly charged forward with her 20 percent of health.</p>
    <p>Xiao Shiqin cried internally: we bloody know you're an aggressive player already, but there's got to be a limit! You're charging forward in a situation like this? Do you take us for helpless grass?</p>
  </body>
</html>
