<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1329: Happy’s Primary Target</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1329: Happy’s Primary Target</h1>
    <p>Boom! Boom!</p>
    <p>As always, Dancing Rain struck first with her longest attack range. However, the cannonfire did nothing to stop Tiny Herb's advance.</p>
    <p>Xu Bin, Angelica, the Alliance's Number One Knight, with the so-called strongest shield Wall of Sigh, blocked Dancing Rain's line-of-sight cannonfire.</p>
    <p>Team Tiny Herb advanced as a whole and soon enough, two star cards rose from behind the Wall of Sigh, one high, one low. Tiny Herb had two Witches in their midst.</p>
    <p>Star Ray!</p>
    <p>The two star cards cracked, releasing two rays of light right at Happy's formation.</p>
    <p>However...</p>
    <p>Myriad Manifestations Umbrella shield!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim came to the head of the formation and opened up is Myriad Manifestations Umbrella, blocking the attacks like Xu Bin's Angelica.</p>
    <p>The two sides were now at mid-range of one another.</p>
    <p>Stringer, Sky Piercing Strike!</p>
    <p>Happy's Dancing Rain and Boundless Sea launched attacks simultaneously. This was clearly an AoE attack that Xu Bin's Angelica alone didn't have the ability to block. As for Tiny Herb? The two Witches once again struck as one.</p>
    <p>Lava Flask, Acid Rain Flask!</p>
    <p>The two flasks had only just been tossed when, with two bangs, Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations had already switched to gun form, smoke rising from the muzzle. The two flasks had barely gone anywhere before they were smashed, lava and acid rain spraying across Tiny Herb's formation. Naturally, it wouldn't harm them, but this skill was clearly useless against Happy too. Instead, Happy's Stinger had arrived above their heads.</p>
    <p>Scatter!</p>
    <p>Team Tiny Herb's characters scattered in all directions. Just as they dodged the Stinger, Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree was already charging up the stairs towards the arena. Their offensive might've been stopped, but utilizing their need to dodge Happy's offensive, they could gain the higher ground first.</p>
    <p>Plus, on these steps, Happy didn't have anyone who could move as swiftly as a Witch, thus they had to attack to prevent this.</p>
    <p>Laser Cannon!</p>
    <p>A beam of light came roaring out from Dancing Rain's cannon, but it wasn't headed for Kind Tree.</p>
    <p>Vaccaria!</p>
    <p>Dancing Rain's target was, shockingly, Vaccaria. As they scattered to avoid the Stinger, Tiny Herb's members lost Xu Bin's Angelica's protection. Dancing Rain's attack was surprisingly sent towards Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>What sort of decision was this?</p>
    <p>Wasn't the crux of the current battle fighting for the high ground? Happy wasn't going to try and stop Kind Tree? Did they have other plans?</p>
    <p>The three in the broadcasting room were puzzled. However, the pace of the battle didn't give them time to consider this problem carefully.</p>
    <p>Dragon Breaks the Ranks!</p>
    <p>Soft Mist charged out from Happy's formation, yet her target was also Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea, Lord Grim, all of Happy's characters had begun to attack, but their targets were all clear as day.</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi, Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>Tiny Herb's best player, Tiny Herb's most powerful character. Happy actually decided to charge straight at this wall from the beginning of the match. They ignored Kind Tree who had charged towards the arena to gain the higher ground. Happy didn't seem to have any intentions to fight over this with Tiny Herb.</p>
    <p>"No way! Happy's main target is Wang Jiexi?" Pan Lin yelled.</p>
    <p>"Heh, what a joke," Ruan Cheng sneered.</p>
    <p>"This…" Li Yibo fell silent, not sure what to think of this. He felt that Happy's strategy was irrational, so there must be something else to happy's plans. He'd wait before judging.</p>
    <p>So this is your plan?</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi gazed at the attacks headed for him. Vaccaria side stepped the Laser Cannon, jumping on his broom and circling in the air, causing Soft Mist's Dragon Breaks the Ranks to miss and leaving her five body units behind. Wang Jiexi ignored these obvious attacks, attention fixed on the other two who were charging over. Ye Xiu's Lord Grim and Fang Rui's Boundless Sea. What were these two planning to do?</p>
    <p>Wang Jiexi had seen through Happy's intentions, but he didn't try to avoid them, instead heading straight at them.</p>
    <p>Qi Blade!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea struck first, sending out a knife-hand that escaped almost everyone's notice. However, it didn't escape Wang Jiexi's gaze. Vaccaria once again spun himself as he flew, dodging the wave of qi from the Qi Blade with alarming precision. Lord Grim and Boundless Sea were now right in front of him and he quickly gave them a Disperse Powder. However, there was no chance that these two would be struck so easily. One left and one right, they jumped to the side to avoid it.</p>
    <p>Shadow Cloak!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim flung a hand forwards, sending a grasping shadow at Vaccaria. Vaccaria swerved at an incredibly strange angle in midair, managing to dart out of the shadow.</p>
    <p>Shadow Cloak!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria used the exact same skill in response. Lord Grim jumped back, but the Shadow Cloak continued to advance, unwilling to let him go. However, just as it was about to catch him, the shadows seemed to split and a figure darted through.</p>
    <p>Dragon Tooth!</p>
    <p>Lord Grim had went right through Vaccaria's Shadow Cloak with a Dragon Tooth. What bold judgement and mechanics!</p>
    <p>Would countering be possible if they waited for their opponent to make the first move? Too many people were unable to make such a judgement, buty Wang Jiexi could. He could detect these miniscule timings, so he couldn't let Ye Xiu do as he wished. Vaccaria immediately retreated, dodging the attack, but tightly following this, a flash of cold light appeared in his view. Lord Grim had darted to his side with a Shining Cut.</p>
    <p>Swerve!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria once again swerved through the air, dodging Lord Grim's attack. His swift flight speed allowed him to pull away from Lord Grim by a full two body units. The other members of Tiny Herb didn't just stand and watch their captain get ganged up on. At a time like this, with Wang Jiexi luring in the opponent's offensive, the others did what any core player of a powerhouse team would do and took the chance to find opportunities to attack.</p>
    <p>Charge!</p>
    <p>As Vaccaria swerved elegantly through the air, Xu Bin's Angelica was already charging over.</p>
    <p>Triple Slash!</p>
    <p>Liu Xiaobie's Flying Swords had also rapidly approached Fang Rui's Boundless Sea, interrupting the attack he was about to launch at Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>It was just that Gao Yingjie's Kind Tree seemed to be a little out of sync with the rest of the team. With Happy's strategic intentions exposed, his position made him seem like he had been lured away. However, was Happy really trying to take out Vaccaria? Were they really going to kick this wall of Tiny Herb's from the get go? Gao Yingjie was suspicious. Should he really give up such a good position?</p>
    <p>Shattering the Lands!</p>
    <p>Gao Yingjie had yet to make a decision when Soft Mist, after her unsuccessful Dragon Breaks the Ranks, had already charged back. This level 75 skill had been thrown rampantly towards the three Tiny Herb members over there.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The magical energy seeped through the cracks into the ground. Liu Xiaobie dodged nimbly. On the other hand, Xu Bin used Angelica's impressive defense to tank the hit and quickly headed towards Soft Mist, who was stuck in her ending lag. Vaccaria was even more elegant. The moment Shattering the Lands struck, he had sped out of range, and the moment the magical energy began to disperse, he was already back, launching an offensive on Soft Mist with Xu Bin's Angelica.</p>
    <p>Satellite Beam!</p>
    <p>That was when the Launcher's high-level skill descended from the skies, covering Soft Mist. The smaller beams whirled out from the center, aiming to strike at the two. However, Angelica raised his shield, catching the beam that crashed down on him and breaking through with brute force. Vaccaria, on the other hand, gave a display of impressive agility, darting through the gaps between the beams without a scratch.</p>
    <p>The broom swung up, but, noticing an attack coming from the side, Wang Jiexi had to have Vaccaria dodge once more. Lord Grim had already arrived in front of him.</p>
    <p>"Yingjie, keep an eye on Boundless Sea. Xiaobie go after the healer."</p>
    <p>In the Tiny Herb team chat, Wang Jiexi calmly made strategic arrangements. Against Happy's strategy, Tiny Herb was finally making arrangements to counter.</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea? After hesitating for a moment, Gao Yingjie, having already decided to give up this vantage point, began to search for the Qi Master's form with orders from his captain.</p>
    <p>Because the player was Fang Rui, the Master of Dirty Play, his presence and intentions could become a major threat to Tiny Herb at any time. Tiny Herb did not dare underestimate him, even having someone go to keep an eye on him.</p>
    <p>Whoosh!</p>
    <p>Kind Tree flew down from the arena, advancing straight towards Boundless Sea. Fang Rui had already noticed, but wasn't willing to give up on the attack he was prepping.</p>
    <p>Seismic Throw!</p>
    <p>Boundless Sea slammed his palms onto the ground and qi rushed at Angelica and Vaccaria, who were advancing on Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>Soft Mist had managed to get out of her ending lag by then and used the opening Boundless Sea's Seismic Throw created, Tyrant's Destruction!</p>
    <p>Retreat!</p>
    <p>Angelica and Vaccaria had to back away to dodge the sweep attack, and Soft Mist then sent forth a Sky Strike, the angle of it pulling them both in range. But Angelica threw his shield forth and turned, knocking the blow to one side. Vaccaria then advanced, Sweeping Soft Mist into the air.</p>
    <p>However, this knockup skill of Witches was the worst of all 24 classes. The knockup height was very limited. Usually, Witches would fly up and use their broom and their other special methods of attack to send the target higher and higher. However, Vaccaria wasn't given that opportunity. Lord Grim's attacks once again came down on him.</p>
    <p>Clang!</p>
    <p>Vaccaria's Stardust Extermination parried Lord Grim's Myriad Manifestations Umbrella and a figure flashed by behind Vaccaria.</p>
    <p>Kind Tree!</p>
    <p>Though Wang Jiexi had told him to keep an eye on Boundless Sea, the situation on the battlefield was ever changing. Orders shouldn't be ignored, but often times, players had to judge the situation and make decisions on their own. Seeing that Vaccaria needed a helping hand with continuing his offensive and that Kind Tree was close enough, Gao Yingjie immediately flew over to continue the attack that had been blocked by Lord Grim.</p>
  </body>
</html>
