<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1556 -  Blossoming Grenades</title>
    <link href="/static/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1556 -  Blossoming Grenades</h1>
    <p>Bang bang bang!</p>
    <p>The silence had finally been broken.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s Dazzling Hundred Blossoms took advantage of his long range and began to attack.</p>
    <p>But Soft Mist didn’t even turn her head back. Soft Mist swayed left and right, dodging all of Dazzling Hundred Blossom’s bullets.</p>
    <p>The crowd went into an uproar.</p>
    <p>It was like she practically had eyes on the back of her head! That was too ridiculous, no?</p>
    <p>It was quite ridiculous. Not many pro players could do the same. Tang Rou was different. Her listening abilities had been trained professionally, allowing her to more keenly catch the minute differences in sound. When she began seriously playing Glory, she immediately realized how valuable this talent was. As a result, she specifically trained her ears for Glory and improved it even further.</p>
    <p>Using sound to locate the position of the bullets?</p>
    <p>It wasn’t possible to do it very precisely. It could be seen from how Soft Mist dodged the bullets. If she could grasp the direction of all of the incoming bullets, her dodge wouldn’t have been so exaggerated. Compared to other pro players, Tang Rou’s strength lay in her ability to make this judgement for several bullets. Other pro players could probably dodge one or two bullets based on sound, but the sort of dense gunfire from an automatic pistol likely couldn’t be done.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou was able to do it though. Soft Mist swayed left and right repeatedly like a race car constantly making turns, dodging the bullets again and again without slowing down.</p>
    <p>“How impressive!” Zhang Jiale couldn’t help but praise. This time, Dazzling Hundred Blossoms stopped firing, instead quietly tossing a Grenade out. Then, bang bang bang, he began firing again.</p>
    <p>His experience and cunning was being put on display. If it had just been a quiet grenade toss, the other side would likely be suspicious. But by tossing the grenade while simultaneously firing, the other side would continue hearing gunshots and would likely ignore the possibility of a grenade toss.</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale’s thoughts were very logical, but unfortunately, it didn’t work because Soft Mist turned her head.</p>
    <p>The reason was very simple. Ye Xiu had told her that she shouldn’t completely rely on her listening abilities because many attacks and skills didn’t have sound.</p>
    <p>As a result, Tang Rou wouldn’t completely rely on her listening abilities. She would occasionally turn her head back, which she happened to do so when Dazzling Hundred Blossoms threw his Grenade.</p>
    <p>She saw it and determined what it was.</p>
    <p>Implosion Grenade. If Soft Mist had dodged to the side like she did with the bullets, the shockwave from the Implosion Grenade would have thrown her to the walls of the canyon. This delay would be enough for Tyranny to catch up to her.</p>
    <p>They believed that Happy had likely set up something in this area and were planning on seeing what it was with their own eyes, but if they could intercept Soft Mist before she could make it there, then that would obviously be the best scenario. The situation would turn around, and they would have the initiative.</p>
    <p>But unfortunately, she noticed it…</p>
    <p>Zhang Jiale didn’t hold back. The sky rained down with grenades.</p>
    <p>With caution in mind, Tyranny chased after her taking up a more defensive stance, and thus, the team formation could not scatter. As a result, their collective movement speed wouldn’t be as fast as Soft Mist. There wouldn’t be many opportunities to hold her here, and soon afterwards, they would be stepping right into where the enemy side wanted them to be. Right now wasn’t the time to hold back.</p>
    <p>The grenades filled the sky like the petals of a flower bud. Everyone could already see the blossoms of light scattered through the air…</p>
    <p>Tang Rou quickly tried to analyze where these grenades would fall. This required lots of Glory experience to do so, which was what Tang Rou was lacking in. She could only do her best.</p>
    <p>Bang bang! Two gunshots rang out followed by two explosions. Light filled the sky. Zhang Jiale had taken the initiative to make two grenades explode. In a split second, the rest of the grenades were swallowed by the blinding light. Tang Rou had already been having trouble figuring out where the grenades would land when she could see them. Now that the grenades couldn’t be seen, she might as well not even try. Soft Mist disregarded them and sprinted away as fast as she could. The farther she ran, the better. As for the grenades, she would have to rely on her reaction speed to deal with them!</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>The first grenade exploded. A giant fireball rippled through the air. It was a Flame Grenade.</p>
    <p>The fire burned and dealt damage, but it didn’t have any effects on movement speed. Soft Mist simply dashed right through the flames.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>Another grenade landed beside Soft Mist. It was a normal Impact Grenade that exploded on impact. The explosion not only dealt damage, but it would hinder her movements to a certain extent. Out of reflex, Tang Rou had Soft Mist twist her body to the side, shaking off the explosion.</p>
    <p>Boom boom boom!</p>
    <p>Grenades continued to fall, and light continued to blossom. The viewers weren’t able to clearly distinguish between the different grandes. All they could see was a mess of explosions. Yet Soft Mist was moving left and right amidst this light.</p>
    <p>Tang Rou also wasn’t able to distinguish between the grenades. Her reactions were based on what she saw and heard when the grenades exploded. Soft Mist’s dodging wasn’t perfect, but even so, it was already very impressive. More importantly, the consecutive explosions weren’t able to block her. Soft Mist was on fire, but she was still moving forward. At this moment, another grenade quietly fell. With so much light and so much sound all around, it was already very difficult to notice it.</p>
    <p>And as soon as this grenade touched the ground, the surrounding air suddenly compressed and then expanded outwards, instantly creating a large shockwave.</p>
    <p>Implosion Grenade. The first grenade that Dazzling Hundred Blossom had tossed was tossed again. The grenade didn’t deal much damage, but it had a powerful CC effect. For Soft Mist, it was a huge obstacle. And this time, Tang Rou finally slipped up and reacted too slow to it. The shockwave expanded, and Tang Rou’s reaction was unexpectedly to move a step closer to it.</p>
    <p>The shockwave struck her, and Soft Mist was immediately knocked flying. But because she had stepped closer to it, the angle had changed slightly, and she was blown diagonally outwards instead of backwards. It hadn’t completely destroyed her escape attempt.</p>
    <p>Tyranny still hadn’t been able to hold her here?</p>
    <p>Everyone was dumbstruck. After the Implosion Grenade sent Soft Mist flying, the other grenades weren’t able to keep up, and the explosions lagged behind Soft Mist.</p>
    <p>“Close enough!” Lin Jingyan’s Dark Thunder suddenly picked up speed.</p>
  </body>
</html>
