<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter 1263: Small Details and Techniques</title>
    <link href="/static/chapters/style/chapter.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Chapter 1263: Small Details and Techniques</h1>
    <p>Troubling Rain instantly got within melee range using the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella's shield form as cover.</p>
    <p>"Careful!" Huang Shaotian heard Yu Wenzhou's voice. Yu Wenzhou's Swoksaar stood rather far away. From his point of view, he suddenly realized that Huang Shaotian being captured was an opportunity, but also a trap.</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian quickly controlled Troubling Rain to move sideways upon hearing Yu Wenzhou's warning. Since he had already gotten this far, he might as well continue attacking rather than retreat. He only needed to be careful of whatever was hidden behind the umbrella. After all, this was just a Blind Shield playstyle. If he took the initiative and moved first, how could he not dodge it?</p>
    <p>He couldn't dodge it!</p>
    <p>Troubling Rain had barely taken half a step when the Myriad Manifestation Umbrella closed up. Huang Shaotian didn't even have time to see the character behind the umbrella before his screen was filled by a blinding light. This attack couldn't get any closer. There was absolutely nothing he could do that could dodge an attack which was close enough to singe his eyebrows...</p>
    <p>Laser Rifle!</p>
    <p>Only the Best Partners Su Mucheng and Ye Xiu could achieve this kind of precision. Ye Xiu used the Blind Shield playstyle to hide Su Mucheng's long ranged attack rather than his own.</p>
    <p>"You want to ambush me? How naive!" Ye Xiu laughed, as he watched Troubling Rain tumble away from the Laser Rifle.</p>
    <p>"Just fight, stop talking so much trash!" Huang Shaotian yelled.</p>
    <p>The whole stadium collectively shared a sweatdrop. Bro, you're the one saying this? Are you trying to say that you're the strong and silent type?</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian's ambush failed. Zhou Zekai also sacrificed dealing damage to coordinate with the ambush. Even though there was no friendly fire, shots didn't just pass through allies. Zhou Zekai couldn't have Cloud Piercer move around Troubling Rain, because that might have lead Ye Xiu to turn and reveal Huang Shaotian's position...</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian's ambush was ultimately fruitless. This moment was over in the blink of an eye, but it contained so many small details. Right now, the guest commentator Li Yibo, conducting the live TV broadcast, wanted to share his analysis with everyone. But who could spare the effort to listen to his explanation? The match had long left this moment behind.</p>
    <p>The players on Team B couldn't idly watch and let Ye Xiu and Han Wenqing trade health by tanking the enemy's attacks. The moment Su Mucheng foiled Huang Shaotian's ambush, Chu Yunxiu's Windy Rain had already cast Heavenly Lightning Earthen Fire. It engulfed Lord Grim, One Autumn Leaf, and Desert Dust together. Tang Hao attempted to interrupt her cast, but he was intercepted by Wang Jiexi. Currently, Vaccaria and Demon Subduer were locked in a skirmish.</p>
    <p>The viewers' eyes were in a blur. They did not know where to look. Out of the ten players on the field, it looked like Yu Wenzhou was the only one who had some free time. However, his presence couldn't be ignored.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou may have trouble keeping up with the pace of this explosive battle because of his crippled hand speed. However, he obviously had his own, slower style of play which still secured him a place as a God in the Alliance. In this kind of flashy battle, Yu Wenzhou wasn't at all useless. Rather, his crowd control skills as a Warlock was indispensable to his team and extremely disruptive to his opponents. In this game with no healer, where the fight was blood for blood, one successfully landed control skill might just cripple a character entirely.</p>
    <p>On the other hand, Team B's five on the field plus Yu Feng as a sixth were all top damage dealers. As for crowd control, they could only rely on their observation and mechanics and share the burden. They couldn't compare to Yu Wenzhou, who could focus on observing the entire battlefield and act accordingly.</p>
    <p>Now, Team A's strategy was pretty much on the tables. From the start, they wanted to give Yu Wenzhou plenty of space to let his Warlock control the battle. Thus, the other four characters had to handle more of the head-on fighting. However, Huang Shaotian was one of the four. This so-called expert opportunity seizer was different from a core attacker. In Blue Rain, he seldom filled the role of the spearhead attacker. It used to be Yu Feng, and now, that position was passed to the fourteen year old Lu Hanwen, not Huang Shaotian.</p>
    <p>This didn't mean Huang Shaotian was very bad at head-on type attacks. It was just that to him, being a head-on attacker simply did not fully display his talents and capabilities. He needed a certain amount of cover and waited for an opportunity before acting</p>
    <p>Huang Shaotian didn't manage to seize this opening. However, the match had only just begun. Being able to create this opportunity for Huang Shaotian was already remarkable. This was because he had even fiercer teammates, who could provide cover for him.</p>
    <p>Sun Xiang, Zhou Zekai!</p>
    <p>This duo that had only existed for half a season at Samsara could probably be called the duo with the strongest offensive capabilities within the current Glory Alliance. Sun Xiang's One Autumn Leaf charged in and got himself surrounded. At first, this move seemed somewhat rash. However, with the ranged support from Zhou Zekai on the outside of the encirclement, Team B's flank did not have an easy time. Even though Huang Shaotian missed his chance to sneak up, the outstanding duo's skill was fully demonstrated. Team A didn't manage to get an advantage, but the battlefield was set for Yu Wenzhou's Warlock so that no one could suppress him.</p>
    <p>Swoksaar began casting his curse. The spell would spell trouble for Team B if no one interrupted it. Su Mucheng quickly pressed forward, and Dancing Rain's cannon aimed at Swoksaar. However, Troubling Rain's silhouette quickly darted into her field of view and blocked her line of sight with Swoksaar.</p>
    <p>An annoying screen tactic. This wouldn't stop the attack entirely, but rather bought a few moments for the ally behind him to finish his curse. This sort of tactic was what the opportunist Huang Shaotian was particularly adept at. His little obstruction stopped Dancing Rain from attacking, giving Zhou Zekai's Cloud Piercer time to close the distance between them. As he ran, he attacked continuously, pressing down on her with wild firepower.</p>
    <p>The instant Zhou Zekai switched targets, a shadow flickered out from within Heavenly Lightning Earthen Fire.</p>
    <p>"Old Ye!" It was as if Huang Shaotian's mouth would itch if he stopped talking. Sword light flew out from a Sword Draw.</p>
    <p>Miss!</p>
    <p>His attack was aimed according to where he thought his opponent would move to. The attack missed, and it didn't even affect Ye Xiu's rhythm. He slipped beneath the sword light from Sword Draw with a Slide Kick. The Myriad Manifestation Umbrella assumed its gun form mid-slide and aimed towards Swoksaar. A gunshot rang out.</p>
    <p>Bang!</p>
    <p>As the bullet flied out, Yu Wenzhou sighed helplessly. His hand speed might be slow, but his judgement and observation were top notch. He immediately knew that this bullet would arrive before his casting finished.</p>
    <p>Yu Wenzhou cancelled the skill and moved aside to dodge. When he looked again, Lord Grim was almost in front of him..</p>
    <p>So fast!</p>
    <p>An unspecialized's swiftness in closing short distances was now well renowned within all of Glory. Ye Xiu had already demonstrated how troublesome this technique was in many matches. Chaining together two skills would make him seem like he was almost teleporting, as shown in the Rookie Challenge matches in day one of the All-Stars weekend. It was an astonishing sight to see.</p>
    <p>And now, Lord Grim was able to instantly close in on Swoksaar, when he was still inside the Heavenly Lightning Earthen Fire just moments before. No melee class had movement skills this strong. On top of that, the unspecialized even had ranged attacking methods, allowing him to switch targets while moving. The opponent was hard-pressed to get away.</p>
    <p>But just before Lord Grim was right next to Swoksaar, he came to a sudden halt.</p>
    <p>Boom!</p>
    <p>A burst of Shadow Flames danced a step in front of Lord Grim. Clearly, the sudden halt by Lord Grim was to avoid being engulfed in the Shadow Flames.</p>
    <p>"How scary, you almost blew me up," said Ye Xiu.</p>
    <p>"Didn't I miss though?" Smiled Yu Wenzhou. His crippled hands would definitely put him at a disadvantage if a melee character got close. And right now, the one who came marching was none other than Lord Grim, who attacked like a hurricane. Lord Grim would be able to bury him right there. But even though Yu Wenzhou was in this predicament, he did not panic in the slightest. He held an instant cast spell like Shadow Flames and cast it at the last second. This was the most dangerous option for him, but it was also the most difficult for his opponent to deal with. In the last moments of a charge, when the target was within arm's reach, anyone's guard would drop to some extent; the player would probably be thinking about what attack to use next. Yu Wenzhou's sudden attack at this moment was very tricky to guard against.</p>
    <p>"I wouldn't be afraid even if I was hit by this skill," Ye Xiu said. Shadow Flames inflicted a status effect, whereby the target would take damage over time. Caster classes found this skills particularly troublesome, as each tick of damage would interrupt their casting. However, an unspecialized at melee range could use an array of instant cast skills. Shadow Flames' interruptions were irrelevant. The damage alone could be tolerated. However, Ye Xiu still had Lord Grim dodge, since he couldn't tell what curse Swoksaar had thrown out.</p>
    <p>Another instant filled with countless small details.</p>
    <p>Just a slight pause was enough to turn the tables. Huang Shaotian's Troubling Rain was already behind Lord Grim. Ye Xiu obviously couldn't just attack Swoksaar with reckless abandon. However, fighting Huang Shaotian with Yu Wenzhou right there would be very dangerous. His hand speed might be slow, but he was still extremely proficient at grasping opportunities. Ye Xiu wouldn't give him a chance to stir up trouble like that.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim, who had just managed to get right next to Swoksaar, didn't attack even once. Instead, he quickly moved away.</p>
    <p>Lord Grim shifted horizontally to dodge Troubling Rain's lunging sword, then turned tail and ran.</p>
    <p>"Don't run!" Huang Shaotian yelled while chasing after him closely. On the other side, Zhou Zekai saw the situation and quickly turned to form a pincer with Huang Shaotian. However, Ye Xiu had Lord Grim dodge crazily. Various movement type skills were thrown out and comboed, to the point where even Huang Shaotian and Zhou Zekai combined couldn't suppress him momentarily.</p>
    <p>The crowd was stunned.</p>
    <p>Right now, Teams A and B each had a character that was the main attack target, and they happened to be One Autumn Leaf and Lord Grim. It seemed like Ye Xiu really owned characters with some interesting history.</p>
    <p>How about the current owners of these characters? Their responses were the opposite of each other. One Autumn Leaf stood steadfast under Sun Xiang's control and welcomed the attacks head on; Lord Grim assumed deft poses and dodged attack after attack under Ye Xiu's control.</p>
  </body>
</html>
